"Don't look so smug! I know what you're thinking, but Tempest Keep was merely a set back" - Kael'thas Sunstrider

A meme that has stuck with me always and something I have never been able to incorporate into average conversation. Or any conversation for that matter.

Do you ever feel set back? I feel now that at the age of twenty-seven, I have my adult history weighing me down. Choices. Contracts. Unread letters. Unfinished todo lists. It all seems too much, and too granular. I really need to get past my OCD or I'll feel this nagging, annoying sense of incompletion always. Just move forward.

I've been putting off my flatpack furniture construction for a long while now. I came back to it. What an abhorrent mess. If I buy new furniture ever again, it will be IKEA, or something bespoke when I'm in a much better place financially. The worst part is I was right, it was going to turn out shit, and it has. Well. Honestly, it doesn't look bad. But when you're making something, you notice all the faults in it. So you're hammering and nailing and screwing and tightening this particle board mess together and it's off-kilter or it's not symmetrical. And the time to put it together with those awful instructions? You know what takes a third of the time and is still made of particle board? IKEA furniture. IKEA furniture is simple and it does not require twelve nails to be hammered up its backside here and there to throw a smooth facade over the ugly cork. Never. Again. So, I have the rest of that to look forward to this coming week. Not. But it will be done. It's long overdue.

Made some dinner. Sausage stew. Power went out in the whole apartment building for a minute just as I was about to put it on to pressure cook. Then when it's done it starts beeping like WAAAH WAAAH WAAAH god damn you needy bitch shut up. Sigh. Just liked a picture on Twitter of two furries kissing as the plane they're piloting is about to crash into the twin towers. They're wearing pilot uniforms though, they're not terrorists... could they have not have just stopped kissing to turn the plane around? Oh. Maybe they were so engrossed in kissing each other they didn't realise they were about to crash the plane. Love can be blinding, huh?

I've been playing TF2. It's the only game I really play right now. I either play a game or play it for two hours. Today I told someone on RED team on cp_gorge with a Rarity profile picture: "I don't want to kill someone with a Rarity pfp... but I must do what I must...", then later they backstabbed me. I watched S01E19 of My Little Pony today. I started watching it yesterday but the Diamond Dogs kidnapped Rarity and it was too much so I had to pause it. Well I finished it. I skipped the previous episode because it was a Cutie Mark Crusader's one and... man. Anyway. I love Rarity's voice. Such a sweet and talented, theatrical, charming, intelligent, hard-working pony. Sorry Miss Rarity, I mean lady. This is supposed to be a segment about Rarity but going back to TF2, I usually play casual mode. Whilst it's not ideal and you're often put into unfair games or games that are about to end or literally have just ended by the time you join; it is convenient. I think part of my hangup of using the server browser comes from having spent so much time on the loading screen in the past. It's fine if you have servers you really like and you favourite them but I don't have those anymore. The more I've been playing lately the more I've been wanting something a bit more, so, browsing what servers are still alive in 2026 is something I may do soon. That and actually mod the game. I've never added a cosmetic mod to the game. Getting a HUD overlay was as far as I went. That and adding a few sprays. I still have this one dumb chibi loli who's a sailor or something with floaties on as my only spray. I like that it carries over from different installs. I've been trying to play other classes more too. I'll play Medic start of the round for the uber and to clock another point on my strange medigun. But then I'll keep playing Medic if our team is actually competent. I try to play Heavy more. I really get now what I dislike about Heavy, and it's everything everybody (everybody being Uncle Dane and FUNKE that is) says that sucks, that I thought I disagreed with. He's too slow, he doesn't have very interesting alternative weapon slot choices or playstyles, and fragging as Heavy isn't the same as landing a critical flare gun hit, meat shot with the scattergun, quickscope headshot, or a random crit crossbow bolt across the map. I lmao at the copeists online. "Flanking heavy"? "Fat scout"? Those are not legitimate alternative playstyles. Every class has at least a handful of unlockable weapons that you will see frequently used. Spy with their Ambassador and the Kunai. Soldier with his selection of rocket launchers which are all kind of eh but are still fun to use. Engineer and the Gunslinger, Frontier Justice, Rescue Ranger. Medic with his myriad of different medi-guns. Everybody gets a little something except Heavy. Which minigun do you want to use? The stock, of which the only real benefit it has over the Tomislav is dealing with scouts at close range (you can just learn to aim better). Or the Tomislav, which has a silent rev up, faster rev up time, and is better at slightly longer distances. What about secondary slot? Do you take the shotgun so you might get a kill one out of five times you pull it out? This way you can disappoint your Medic which will be the only reason you're racking up points. Okay. So you take the Sandvich. Or maybe the Second Banana if you don't have a Medic. I have seen plenty of people using some dumb ass shit, of which has largely been hammered out of the wider community because this game has received no serious content updates in forever - I've yet to see anyone use the Buffalo Steak and Warrior's Spirit! Why am I talking about Heavy? Oh right yeah. So he's not really fun but he is powerful sometimes. I tried playing Spy too, my least played class. I actually used to feel so embarrassed by my Spy playtime that I deleted my playtime stats. NOW they're my least played. I suck at Spy. Especially now in the current year. Spy is hard to play. Even if you're a good Spy, it doesn't really matter if there's a Pyro on the enemy team spraying flames sitting on the cart or a dispenser. Yeah you can just get good but man I do not need or want that right now. Too late in life for that to spend two hundred hours trying to catch up. Yeah he's kind of fun. I got six kills in one life. Then I died and then I died and then I died and then I died and then I died. And when you die as Spy it's the most fucking frustrating thing because you didn't get that backstab because of hit reg, lag, or they've whipped around just as you go for the stab. At that moment in time, you've just died. Can't say I didn't try though. Spy has one of my favourite taunt in the game which I rarely get to use because I never play them - the taunt being the cardboard box one. IDK what it's called. Years ago I meticulously set up all my taunts and lined them all up so all 8 slots are have a matching scheme on all 9 mercs on all 4 loadouts. You do the math.

Well that's it from me. Trying something new today.

Signing off.

Eh.