I get a bit of envy looking at other Neocities sites, but after browsing for not too long, I notice that a lot of them are all too similar. Older or niche anime. Scanlines and dithering. Everything is washed out. Then you hit a real gem. Though, if you sort by "special sauce", it's a never-ending feast of gems. Mm. Gems. Anyway... what am I talking about? Apparently I get about 20 page visits a day. That's interesting. Can I start selling you guys stuff now? Hey way yay, don't get me wrong, don't leave, hey! I would never, ever sell you, my loyal reader, something like uh. GamerCrack. No, no, only genuine authentic goods, made by me, distributed by me, caveat emptor no refunds all purchases are final. What would I even sell you? Well, I'd like to make movie and game props, but making them to order to sell? Ehhh... okay guys can you just give me money? I know there isn't a donate button but could you just like, manifest that I find a winning lottery ticket? I'd need to find it because I don't play the lottery.

I wonder if more people from Chai's server are reading this now because I've stopped using Discord. That's... an interesting thought. Imagine if my last words were "I'M REALLY GOING TO DO IT", that'd be a really smart way to make sure people check out my blog. Wait, why do I even want people to check this out? Do I? Obviously I put it out there for a reason. I do like NOT hearing about it. But I also like it when someone does mention looking it up even if I feel embarrassed. So far no one has mentioned anything in particular in any of my posts. I consider that a good thing.

I have not yet found my balance, or my sharpness.

Balance is an idea I have about the state of being.

Sharpness is a thought I have about focus, concentration, will, the state of mind.

I'm not going to elaborate right now. I'm kind of tired.

I meant to post yesterday. I stayed up doing my assignment instead. I finalised my assignment. This is the last time I leave it to the last minute, Christ.

Had some dreams. I haven't been keeping up to date with noting them. Last night I dreamed I was with family, all of them men, -- took a moment to cool down my hardboiled eggs. They actually came out a bit soft, but firm enough to sit in a container with a salad. Back to work tomorrow! Anyway... something something I had the power to recall events from the future, going back in time if I were to die. Like Re:Zero. Just think Re:Zero. Anyway I woke up because I was napping but thought it was a cool dream and I lied down trying to go back to it but I couldn't. Sucked.

What an awful blogpost. This has been all over the place. I'm ashamed. I started writing this two days ago, didn't write much yesterday except for my thoughts on diet and focus, and now something about dreams and eggs.

From the first season of MLP I've pirated, Rarity is featured in four of twenty-six thumbnails. One of them, Episode 14 Suited For Success, is just her horn and a closed eye. This isn't Rarity related but I feel I must bring attention to this injustice. Well, quite upsettingly for Applejack fans, but she is featured in only ONE.

Always your friend, I guess (I'm feeling tsundere today),
- Riddler (T.S)

Wait. I share the same initials as Taylor Swift? That can't be right...

A.S. is fine too.

Or A.R.

Or A.I.R.

Or A.I.P.R.

You know what? Just call me Riddler.