It occurs to me I haven't posted in a while. What have I been up to? Not a lot. Not as much as I ought to. Still not in the habit. Tooth pain has compounded my poor sleep. Maybe I shouldn't be too hard on myself.

I'm not enjoying some coffee and strawberries. Well. More the strawberries than the coffee. Too hot. Threw out spoiled milk. Shame. Anyway. I've got less than twenty-four hours to get the house in order, sort my laundry, and pack. Shouldn't take long. Should also finish my studies then I'm all caught up and fortunately the week I'm away is a break week. And it looks like I'll still be technically employed with work for a few more weeks. A month more if I'm lucky. So I won't have to worry about that for a bit. If I can I'd like to publish Strafbat chapter 1, and my drug-induced panic attack experience that I wrote up some time ago now.

I went through mementos of my ex's things again. Read old letters. I don't know what to think. One moment you're special the next you're not. I told her she didn't comfort me because I guess that was the lie I wanted to believe during a strained period. It was the perfect storm. Why couldn't I have been more mature? Well, I guess part of it is self-hate. I wrote a new letter. I don't know if I'll send it now. I don't know if she needs that. Wants that. What do I want? I had an unfortunate slip, and fantasised about being together with her again. It felt healthy. Real. Problem is, when you had something that was almost perfect, why would you waste time with anything else? Well. Things happen for a reason I think. Whether my own fault or by cosmic design. An expression of faith in the mechanics of the world. I should let go. Focus on other things. How long have I been saying this now? Well. It's all packaged up again except for one beer stein, one artisan craft ash tray, one party time lighter (it's a plastic lighter with a beer opener embedded into the plastic shell - how tacky can you get?), one bracelet, and I think that's it. That bracelet I dug out of a little plastic tray of bric-a-brac. How tricky it is. The stain of her. Unless you were absolutely committed to it, how hard it is to rub that stain out. "Out damned spot! Out, I say!"

Time to iron some clothes. Soon we'll find out if my favourite pony Rarity will be a part of the G6 reveal. Tomorrow I think.

Now, where was I?