"Ninety days, Jerry!" when you're hot you're hot and I said "Thanks a lot!"

I know I haven't posted in a little while. I guess I'm posting less. Maybe I don't need this as much. I don't know. I suppose it wouldn't be hard to make a post every day but the urge isn't really there. I mostly only really complain anyway. I also don't like the state my site is in. But I can't do anything about that unless I actively work on it, and that's not really a priority for me right now.

I think I am slacking a little bit less. Though, that said, I'm definitely not moving at a pace that I'm happy with. Every day feels like day 1. Well, tomorrow on Monday it will be day 1. Day 1 of 90 days. I think Chai has given herself, what, five years? That would take her to my age. Ninety days to make some improvements. In everything. If I can do just a bit more each day...

That's actually a good motivation to post more. I'll post a report here every day. Well, I'll try to. Less than a week from now I'll be away from home for almost a week. I guess I can bring my laptop. I don't expect I'll get much done around then. I also feel that I am nearing a point now where my job loss is going to become definite. I'm going to try and claim that I can't work. If I can get money enough for my bills and food, and if I do my best to live humbly, and if I work hard, things will improve.

When I'm away I'll be seeing my close friend Adam. We'll mostly just be playing board games. Haven't spoken to him in maybe a week. It'll be nice to see him and play some analogue style games. Be in another part of the country. Maybe see a different city. Hanging out will be fun. This time of year was when my ex was supposed to come and stay with me for a month. That time has finally come. It's been long enough. My thoughts on love are still muddy. And I still haven't uploaded my 12,000+ words on my near death experience panic attack on drugs. Nor have I polished and published the first chapter of Strafbat. I'm sure I will this coming week. I might need to make some changes to the site which will prove... tedious. My metamorphosis is coming. I know it.

Rarity is my favourite pony, and I love her.

Now, where was I?