I've been reminded by a friend, that is, my friend desu, who you may know, as I credit this website to her, as it is a shameful copy of her old personal site - anyway I was reminded by desu that I haven't posted in a week. Wow. A week. Seems strange. I guess I am a little less enthusiastic about posting. Fell out of the habit. There was something I wanted to post about but I guess I never got around to it. I'll post about it tomorrow. I am also upset about the state of my site which I somewhat refuse to do much about. That might have to change. I think also for a moment I felt... okay? Complete? Like I didn't need this. Then again, what if someday I do need it? Maybe it's best to just stay regular. Even if it's only a post every few days. I don't know. Oh, why am I complaining? It'll take some time but I WILL work on this site. Fine. It's fine. It's done. Consider it done. Desu if you're reading this just know it is incredibly embarrassing to think that you read any of this. I actually thought about this a few days ago.

I've been sleeping a lot. Dreaming a lot. I've done all the awful things this week I would really prefer to avoid. Turns out that I won't have to attend this hearing regarding my job until next month, so that's something else I can ignore for a while.

I didn't smoke at all whilst I was away. Now I'm smoking again. I am so awful at keeping myself accountable. I'm not going to go into my excuses. One way or another I'll have to stop. I just hope that it doesn't get to "I can't afford to smoke anymore" before something like "I just gave it up".

I saw my grandparents. Soon as I got in the car my granddad laughed and asked "Are you alright now?" referring to when he picked me up from the hospital over my drug induced panic attack. Rubbed me the wrong way as we already had this conversation a couple times, but oh well. And I guess it is pretty funny. Freaking out on acid. Of all the drugs I've taken. That stuff is really amazing. Deserves respect. Like all things do. Like my physics teacher would say, "there's no such thing as a free lunch". Acid is maybe the cheapest drug going. Anyway it was nice seeing my grandparents again, I hadn't seen them in a while. Facebook isn't working for me so I'm not receiving my Nan's messages. I had fried chicken thighs, my fucking favourite. My granddad usually deep fries them in fat but this time he did them in the air fryer that I got him for Christmas. You know what? They were almost as good. The skin was like crackling. So tasty. My nan also got me a bunch of things like she always does. It's so kind of her. Household stuff, bananas, cheese straws, and some low calorie snacks. I've been losing weight lately despite not eating very well. Maybe it's because I'm not actually eating very much? I think I should fix that soon.

I might be making a departure from Discord soon. I've been wanting to for a while if only to distance myself from this account I'm currently using. I won't say who as I'm not sure if they've told anyone else, but they intend to depart from Discord and that has inspired me to do the same. Though I feel like too many people I know would be too upset by this. So, reluctantly, or not, I may make a new account, and just have it so people can direct message me. I'll still post here, and on WAAO. I don't post there as much as I'd like. Anyway. what do I really mean to say? Nothing, I guess.

Studying is so boring. "99.9% of science is boring" - Kurisu Makise.

You know they're remaking Steins;Gate? They're also remaking Danganronpa 2, Christ alive, man. I gave up Danganronpa 2 in 2024. I really enjoyed the first game, but the second not as much. I played it with Boire at the time. This weekend we had a nine hour call and finished the fifth act. Spoilers ahead. HE FUCKING KILLS HIMSELF BUT NOT REALLY? THAT ATTENTION SEEKING WHORE. Oh my god man. I hate to admit it but it was a really good investigation and class trial. As I write this I'm listening to DR2's equivalent of Box 16: "Kill Command". It's pretty good. Not quite Box 16 though. But I guess it's fitting. Nothing can top Box 16. What do you get when you combine generic guitar rock that's overshadowed by drums and then introduce jazz piano and sax? The most badass theme ever that's what you get. Anyway Boire won't let me finish it by myself so I have to wait until sometime this weekend to play it. Frustrating. I am dying to see how everything ties up at the last moment. Boire also says that I'm going to watch them play the remake or reimagining or whatever. It looks like I'll never be free of that bastard Nagito. When will the time of these bastards end?

Well that's all I feel like writing. I could write more but eh. I'm saving all the juicy bits for my bi-weekly published zine. LOLOLOLO also desu if you are reading this then yeah I'd appreciate you "bullying" me into doing more with this website.

OKTHNXBAIII

I had a dream with Rarity, my favourite pony, recently.

End of line.