"Well sir. Goin' home."
"Hm?"
"Home sir!"

"♫ Goodbye Dolly I must leave you, though it breaks my heart to go... ♫"

I went away for almost a week to see a friend. For the most part it was good. Towards the end of it however, my near constant exposure to other people as well as a lack of quality sleep began to manifest itself as cabin fever. I won't speak ill of my friend. I've already written up and deleted all my pathetic complaints. Unfortunately this trip has given me some new and uncomfortable insight into myself and how I feel about people. I don't like people. And the people that I do like, I can only tolerate in certain amounts. Is it okay to be that way? I was worried about feeling that way. But I think it's okay. And if you don't like it that's fine, because there's plenty I don't like about everyone. If that's the only poor quality about me, then I think that's just fine. It isn't, but from a distance, in the dark, that's maybe all you'll see. And when we are together, we can laugh and play.

I feel a little empty. But now that I'm reflecting on it, it isn't a particularly hollow or melancholy feeling. Is empty the right word? Maybe dull. I think that's okay. Nothing is worse than a bout of melancholy or experiencing anhedonia.

Nobody is perfect. I worry somewhat. I worry that in maybe ten or twenty years, AI will be able to play the role of a perfect friend. There seems something sad about that. Or, I feel that I am expected to feel sad about that. Having the perfect friend sure would worsen your tolerance for the ordinary world. But maybe it's still better than being alone or in bad company. Well. We're not there yet. I think maybe I just... desire more? More than I can have or more than I deserve. I love my family. I love my close friends. But like I keep telling people. Everything in moderation. Maybe it's better to be around... less. Want less. Expect less. I think about missing people when they are gone from my life. When they're dead. When there's nothing you can do to bring them back and make more memories. How you'll look back on those memories. How they get distorted with time and forgetfulness and bias and emotions. I don't think I can make up for all the things I regret. Things I didn't do. Things I did poorly. What can I do? Try hard in short bursts to make the best of things when now there is so little time. I suppose not every day has to be a romp through the meadow. I need to worry less about how other people think of me. I don't want to grow any more detached than I already am. I think there's something there though. Something healthy. Something right.

Maybe someday I'll be a better friend.