Well I said my goodbyes. Not really. I only told Ash and Chai. I've only just now told Adam I won't be using Discord. If you're reading this, and you're not one of them, it's not personal. I just didn't want to make a big deal of it. Truth is, Discord is just one of a few really bad habits that has me drifting. It's so easy to escape from your problems and anxieties if you just smoke, play games, and talk crap online. It is one of my favourite thing in the world to do. I think I worry about how I spend my time too much. Oh yeah. Definitely. I also worry about how I'll get to spend my free time in the future. I kind of just like... being me. I'm not an awfully productive person. Very unfocused. I don't know about lazy, but maybe shy to start doing things. I've thought such awful things in my head about how I am and the way things are. I think that I catch myself a little bit sooner more and more now, and that's nice. Some day I won't have those thoughts. I'll have actual things to worry about. Or maybe everything will be just peachy.

I won't hesitate at the opportunity to bemoan the current state of internet culture, the culture of popular media in general. Games especially. Every time this topic comes up, or whenever disappointment is shown at a new release, I immediately think back to playing Metal Gear Solid 2 for the first time. There was nothing in particular exactly that blew me away. It wasn't the ice cubes that melt slowly over time, or the pans that play different notes when you strike them. It was just the beauty of it. When I had first played Metal Gear Solid 2, it wasn't THAT long ago that I was playing Sonic the Hedgehog. Yeah, they released ten years apart, but if you compare it to it's predecessor Metal Gear Solid, which released three years before, the differences are almost as staggering. When it comes to Metal Gear Solid 2, I always think about that first level on the plant. Taking the elevator up, and being on the deck of Strut A. There is something so timeless and so sleek about that game. It is /such/ a sleek game. SLEEK is definitely the word. I won't now go in to detail to mention how REACTIVE it is also, as that was not something I was able to appreciate later in life.

Do they still make good games? Sure. And I have certainly cherry picked one of the greatest games of all time, from an era where you could pay full price for a new game that tried to do something new and more often then not it was awful. And yes. You still had clones. But the big companies don't spend the resources on trying anything new, and when they do, it usually fails. Because of course, something new usually fails. That's just how it is. But if you don't try anything new, you don't get anything new either. We know what people like. Numbers. Loot. Battle royale. Cosmetics. Competitive games. Cinematic experiences that give you a sheer illusion of control with quick time events and dialogue choices. And that's where the money goes. We figured it out. I don't think so though. It seems that the idea of "Something New" is now found solely in the "indie" catalogue. And how many of those are Stardew Valley clones? I'm not too upset. Not personally upset. I understand the principles of supply and demand. And I hate to talk about this. To moan about video games. Some say it's art, some say it's a waste of time. Call it what you like. But there isn't anything else like it. Hand crafted, high budget, directed experiences with you in control. I used to think about what games would look like twenty years from now. I wouldn't have the heart to tell my younger self my current findings.

The trend of "remastering" and reimagining established titles hasn't declined, and that is a telling sign. The last game I really looked forward to was Starfield. The game before that, Cyberpunk 2077. Now I'm looking forward to playing Alien: Isolation 2, though this time I'm not expecting anything new. Just more of what I already liked so much about the first game. 

I think that it's very unfortunate that video games will likely not see some kind of great boom in all of the things that I like about them until AI becomes more capable and widely adopted. Artificial intelligence being used in it's current state? Upsetting, to say the least. But there is potential. When it's not being used to lazily hack together cheap assets, but rather to be a part of the actual world that you're playing in. The connective tissue that enables ACTUAL choices that matter. More agency. More freedom. To skirt outside of the structural boundaries designed by the developers. In nearly every game with a karma system, or even the loosest idea of having moral choices, I usually tend to do the right thing. Why? Well. Usually it doesn't confer massive benefits to do otherwise. To take part in evil deeds only to have an abstract meter dip into the red as a reward isn't exactly... fulfilling. Oh, you've been bad. Have a cookie. It likely also doesn't help that in these kinds of games you're only tightening the experience because the developers rarely put the same effort in for the evil/renegade/low honour experience. Partly because I think most people are like myself. We'll do the right thing. And then we'll kill a pivotal character in a Bethesda game, and the thread of fate is severed. So we load the game, or we have to persist in the doomed world we've created. And I love that. That the freedom is there to deliberately fuck it all up. That freedom means so much for something so small, and it feels real. Your actions really do have consequences, and it's not just a character being upset with you just to reconcile later because branching trees can only diverge so far before getting out of scope. And it is something so simple and cheap to implement that I don't really appreciate why it seems to be the norm to make absolute sure certain characters must never die. Even if it means tanking rocket explosions, seeing the smoke clear, and you recognise that they've not budged an inch. They don't cower in fear. They might tell you to pack it in. And then you realise you're holding a controller and watching it unfold on a screen. Variables and numbers and loops come to mind. A game is good when you are immersed. When the illusion is successful. When it isn't, you care less. When a story character T-poses for a frame before lie dead, I stop caring. Immersion is everything. And it is only made possible by correct design choices and quality control. But ultimately it is an exceedingly more and more soulless venture to make a profit. It is a job and an income and a business venture, and not a childhood dream as much as it used to be. That's why I think AI will someday become the connective tissue that will make games more the way that I crave them. And I'm not exactly excited for it for that reason. I don't want to become another mindless crypto shill or out-of-touch loser technocrat that hand waves every problem with "AI". But there is potential there.

And now I will drive to what I really mean to talk about. Fully immersive virtual reality. That is what I'm interested in. I've been interested in the idea for over ten years. I won't forget the first time I used the HTC Vive in my sixth form's computer lab. The way my gut dropped when I stood on the edge of a precipice. Should I live to see the virtual become real, then I think it will be important to schedule its use with sessions that have deliberate intent. That is something I've very recently thought about. Not exactly a novel idea. What is? Anyway. I have fantasised about living long and detailed second lives there. But the real world is still real. And it will continue to be for a long time. And unless by that point I am so alienated from others that ordinary life has no meaning, I think it is important to spend time there with intent. What do you plan to do? For how long? How do you plan to end it? When do you know your session has finished? I think questions like that are along the right train of thought. Because there will very likely be the potential for you to not want to leave, or to come back to reality and find that everything feels flat. I think this is a very important thing to bear in mind.

Now. Where was I?