A thought came into my head tonight as I was doing something mundane, incessant tidying that tidies the mind. It is the title of this blog post. I don't know why I thought that. It reminds me of something a voiced comic strip that acts as a cutscene from the first Max Payne. Since I can't show you the image, I'll describe it to you.

The first panel is of Max holding a MAC-10 upwards, resting it the back of the gun on his shoulder.
"And then it was all over. The storm seemed to lose its frenzy. The ragged clouds gave way to the stars above."

The middle panel is of Max shielding his eyes from the light of a police helicopter, from where a voice tells him to surrender.
"MAX PAYNE, THIS IS DEPUTY CHIEF JIM BRAVURA FROM THE NYPD. WE'VE GOT THE BUILDING SURROUNDED. THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS AND LIE DOWN WITH YOUR HANDS BEHIND YOUR HEAD."

The last panel is of Max holding an expression of something between frowning and smiling.
"A bit closer to heaven."

Every day we're a little closer to heaven. I think that is a more comforting, and less nihilistic form of the expression "you're dying every day". No. I am living. I'm not dead yet. I have been taking living for granted. I have already resolved to live more the way I've been afraid to. And it is hard. I get these headaches. Stinging pain, and pressure in the temples. And my first thought is "is this it?", and then I spiral, and it is crippling. And I'm sure that compounds my awful feelings. The mind is a powerful thing. It is terrible to have a vivid imagination if you are prone to intrusive or awful thoughts. Tomorrow I will arrange to see a doctor.

Like my Nan always says, "you never know..." when you're going to go.

There were a few things I wanted to talk about instead of this, but I had a panic attack. I will write the story that I've been wanting to. I won't bother with the others. If I'm granted the time I'll see to it eventually. But it's chaff I won't sift through to hone my writing. So I will do it anyway, so that I can at least truly represent my perspective on the awesome power and the beauty of the mind. Then I will be at least more comfortable knowing that I have something.

I'll urge you now to take a moment to have a listen to The Evil Has Landed by Queens of the Stone Age. If you won't do it now, then don't save it for later. I don't think it would be as meaningful.

Happy trails,
- Riddler (T.S)