Today I listened to Spectre by Radiohead a lot. Like, a lot a lot. I've listened to it before, but it didn't resonate with me like the usual songs I like by Radiohead. I can't tell you why I am so hung up on Paranoid Android. I like the guitar. I like the vocals. I especially like the last lyrics that start with "That's it sir! You're leaving" and ends on "God loves His children... God loves His children... yaaay..." I think I've read somewhere that it's supposed to go "God loves His children... that's why He kills them, yaaay" and that's how I usually sing it. Anyway, back to Spectre. When I listened to it once or twice, it did actually seem too moody. Hard to listen to. Like it wasn't loud enough. It was supposed to be the opening song to the 2015 Bond film, Spectre, and it was rejected because it was too moody.

Well, for some reason I listened to it again. And I can't remember now exactly the moment where it stuck with me because I've been listening to it so much, but I have spent a large proportion of today listening to it. I do like my Bond music. Goldfinger. Skyfall. The World Is Not Enough (by one of my other favourites I have an obsession for, Garbage). Strangled (by a more recent stranger obsession with Snake River Conspiracy on their sole album Sonic Jihad). Well, this is up there. Oh, and I can't forget A View To A Kill by Duran Duran. I love Duran Duran. I mention this more for my love of Duran Duran than their song. Well anyway. I guess the music I have been listening to lately has become more moody. My Spotify liked songs on shuffle recently has... not been good. It's frustrating picking songs to listen to. Sometimes when I search a song and it plays similar songs it does quite well.

I drew a few spectres today on Krita. That as well as some prototype desk designs for my engineering coursework. It's my first time using the program. I think my ex used to use it on her tablet. So maybe it isn't my first time using it. I think it's too easy to romanticise suffering. Pain. It's oh so poetic. I told Ivy on Chai's Discord that I don't think anyone should joke about their suicide. When I took acid over a week ago, and just before it developed into a panic attack, I joked in my head about suicide. That it would be some fun game, some cosmic joke. That it would be oh so funny if I did it. And that's when I realised that when you turn something like that into a joke you open up the possibility of it even more. I think the same can be said about a lot of things. It would be easy for me to represent the things that upset me as shadows and spectres. But when you do that, you've made yourself a bogeyman.

I haven't smoked cigarettes in a couple days. These menthol vape pods have been sufficient.

Lately, on psychedelics, I am able to imagine things perfectly. Or it's more that my mind imagines for me and I am able to steer its direction. Late last year I saw in the reflection on the outside of my white porcelain bathroom sink bowl a spring moving back and forth. Some child's playground spring seat. At the time I was bewildered, and I was in awe. It felt like I had opened a window to childhood. Being able to imagine anything you desire with unnatural lucidity seemed at first to me that I was developing something. Imagination maybe. Some creative talent. But some part of me worries it's a sign of a brain degrading and coming apart. But I'm alive. I am cogent. Maybe I am not really falling apart at all. I just worry too much.

I finished a draft for my introductory chapter for Strafbat, if I hadn't already mentioned it. It needs some love and polish. Then onto the next chapter. I am not particularly passionate about it but it's a simple enough story that I can see myself pacing away at. I should write some more tomorrow. I would really like to make... a card game, or a turn-based game with pretty or abstract art. I'd like to make a lot of things. So little time. I shouldn't say that. I have plenty of time. There's all the time in the world. I am a good person. I study every day. I eat well. I love and am loved. You love me, don't you? I took a walk in the park after dinner today and thought about love. I don't know why I thought about it. I think now I remember. I saw a young couple kissing passionately on a bench. The intensity of love. Love has been short-lasting for me. Maybe some day that will change. It just seems to be a hot, short-lived flame - always. Love is terrible. Maybe my love is terrible. Love makes you vulnerable. And you can hate yourself if you find yourself bored of your love. You can't change people. You can grow with them. Well. What do I know? I miss Frank. We spoke about love not long ago. I told him my feelings on it. That I think love has an expiration date. I think that might be true for all people. Whether it's divorce or death. I fear I'll never get to see Frank again without some large effort on my part. The man is in his seventies and has an incredibly fulfilling lifestyle and is in no short supply of loving family and friends. Makes me wonder why Marek seems to enjoy my company. Not as much as I would like but more than I deserve that's for sure. Maybe it's our shared love of Philip K. Dick. Maybe it's because he's a self-confessed layabout. Anyhow.

I'm lost...
I'm a ghost...
Dispossessed. Taken host.

My hunger burns a bullet hole,
A spectre of my mortal soul.

These rumours and suspicion,
Anger is a poison.

The only truth, that I could see,
Is when you put your lips to me...

Future's tricked, by the past.
Spectre... how he laughs...

♪

Fear puts a spell on us,
Always second-guessing love

My hunger burns... a bullet hole...
A spectre of... my mortal soul.

The only truth that I can see...
SPECTRE HAS COME FOR ME

End of line.