I suppose when I get around to writing this, the drive has been driven out of me, or maybe that energy was better used in making posting this possible.

Well anyway, I hate myself! Are you happy? That's right, I hate myself. Right now, I hate myself. My arms are sunburnt, and I'm out of cigarettes. Cigarettes that I am smoking - DAILY! A whole pack! DAILY! A pack of 20! A 20 pack! DAILY!

My ex's art came onto my timeline and it was hard to ignore. For some reason I posted this in a channel on Discord and then quickly realised that was retarded so I deleted it. There's a non-zero chance someone has found my Twitter account. I mean X account. Embarrassing! I have lived a life of shame. It's not like you don't know I'm a freak but I guess this would kill any... mystery of normality. I don't know how else to put it right now. Those aren't the right words at all. Maybe I only pretend to be a freak because it's funny! Anyway. I am not comfortable enough even with my most closest online friends to share that side of me. It's not something that you WOULD share! Ever! I don't need to be judged for that. I played Dead By Daylight today with friends and it was fun. When we found out the killer was the Xenomorph from Alien, someone (boire) quickly called out to say something along the lines of "Oh Riddler... It's your favourite!" yeah so what? Anyway, I can't joke about these things in real-time playing that game. Too much mental bandwidth is spent on not getting chased. I guess I'm fortunate that I never developed a vore fetish, or anything like that. I saw a friend today and we talked a lot. I told him that I was childish, and him being him said that he didn't think I was, or what I wanted, was childish. "Unrealistic, maybe" yeah, I guess that's how I would describe what I want. I suppose part of the appeal of the monsters that I'm turned on by comes from an imbalance of power. Some idea of... a loss of control. Ceding that to something hungry and willful. I don't like being in control! No, that's not true. It's just tiring. Someone else take the steering stick for once, I'm asleep at the wheel. These roads are so long and hypnotically plain. Maybe when I have difficulties sleeping I should think about driving again instead of counting backwards from 1000. I like it when I sweat because I'm shiny. I like Mal0 and the Xenomorph too as (their sexualised caricatures) are usually depicted as shiny. Well that was an embarrassing chapter about me.

"It's hard being a person alone", is what I told someone (desu) recently. They agreed. I think it is easier to derive meaning, purpose, identity from a relationship. Too easy. Easier than whatever the shit this is. Oh, that's right. I have to actually be a person. Shitfuck. Do you know how hard that is? No I guess not because you already have a job you're stuck in that you hate, a family that you feel awkward about, and some special interest that both exhausts the mental energy you need to expend, and also fills up the space inside of you that makes you, you. What do I have? People will call me special sometimes. I don't really know why. It's like a feeling. It's always been a feeling. That there'll be some pay off there. Well I messed up! Okay? Where's my arc Paulie?

Okay, okay. The art? The art by my ex that came onto my timeline? Well. I won't post it, because I can't. Can't be bothered. I'm writing in a text file. That's all I'm aiming to publish right now. Later, it can be more fancy. Captioned: "THERE WON'T BE ANOTHER TIME". Two panels. The first on the left is her fursona, at least I think it's theirs, arms outstretched with an open-mouth smile, blushing. "I love you so much!". The panel on the right is a blurry silhouette with only scary eyes, with wide dilated pupils, being the only facial features. "So don't take it for granted". I did take it for granted. I told you that you didn't comfort me because I missed you. You weren't even gone. You just didn't respond to a wall of text that was all about me and how I felt. Completely and utterly selfish and needy and wanting. If I never said what I said, and if it was meant to be, I wonder what kind of person I would be now. I really do. I have changed so much in such a short amount of time. Myself now can hardly recognise who I've ever been as a person. More like an outline of a person. I hurt you because I wanted you to hurt. I wanted you to be scared. I wanted you to want me more, to drop everything for me. And it was a pretty terrible time for you. Objectively speaking. Well. I said "Sorry." on your post. I wish I never learnt your Twitter handle, the same as your Discord handle. I think you have a boyfriend now. When we were growing apart you were hanging around someone "being on [your] fuckshit". I don't know if it's them, who do I care, it isn't me. You didn't want to be home is what you told me. You once told me that I was the meaning of home to you. That was so utterly beautiful and meaningful to me and you know it. I didn't even have to tell you though I did. I wish I had your account still in my DMs list so I can pull up some of the horrible things we've said to each other. Just to rub salt in my own weeping wounds. I thought I was over you, and then I got lonely. I have no outlet for my feelings. No one I can share these things with. I miss that so much. I don't know how I coped before. I don't think I did. So it's to be like that again is it? To do the thing that I hate that everyone in my life does. To project my desires onto anyone else in my life that gives me any idea that they actually like my company. Great. Look at me! Look at me! There's nothing there! Fill me! I wanted to write you when I was feeling happier last week. I can't do that. The waiting would be so painful. And what can I possibly expect to receive in return, if nothing? The mind reels. So I have to move on. And ideally, I have to be okay with who I am, and being by myself. I either have to find another outlet for everything I've been dying to express to you. Well, this isn't so bad. This. The fact that someone might have read this far is a thought. To tell anyone any of this directly would be ugly and uncomfortable. For anyone to read this of their own volition in their own time probably satisfies some voyeuristic curiosity, so, I guess that's okay. That's more enjoyable. I think it's all I have.

I don't talk to my best friend as much as I should. As much as I imagine that he would like me to. Can I call him my best friend? If it isn't him, then who is? NO! YOU CAN'T HAVE MORE THAN ONE BEST FRIEND! Why don't we talk so much? I guess it's hard for me to keep it up. I am a kind of myself with him that I find boring. Restrained. Safe. I don't really want that. I want to be my worst self. The one healthy connection I have and it exhausts effort. To keep it up. He is thankfully very kind to me and my long sabbaticals. Kind. Likely increasingly less interested in the idea of ever having more. I love him dearly. He means so much to me. He is kind and intelligent. I'm not a good friend. I've always not been a good friend to him. He knows this, of course. That's likely not to change. He lives far away. Some day I will live farther.

So much work to do and I am so behind. Even in relative terms. And I need to find a job. I really don't want to work right now. I'm suspended with pay, so I'm being paid. Okay. But I don't have job security. And I'm spending money I don't have on fucking cigarettes. All of this could have been avoided. Money would be nice but I don't lust for it. And I spend it carelessly. I can't be conservative with money. I'm at least better with it. But oh boy. Some of my purchasings. God. It's nice spending money. God please deliver me money. I have more stuff I want to buy. I need an Elegoo Mars 5 printer so I can print Mal0 models and paint them.

This is so fucking embarrassing. Hopefully the word count here was enough to put anyone off reading this far. And yet I'll still post it. How stupid am I? God how I want someone to tell me it's going to be okay. It's going to be okay, because they're going to make it okay. They're going to make it their responsibility. That wouldn't be healthy. Then why do I crave it? Because it's easy? Because it fulfills some fantasy I suppose. Some fantasy of being wanted. Maybe next time I'll consider writing that science fiction story I've been meaning to write. An opening chapter. That should be more productive. I don't have a title for it either, and in my mind, fiction that's a work in progress that doesn't have a title is supposed to be good.

Rarity is my favourite My Little Pony character.

End of line.