Today's the day I have my disciplinary hearing. This morning I saw a man cleaning the student complex grounds across from me. He had a shirt with a QR code on the back. Some part of my mind reeled at that.

Anyway. First of all I need to make some notes about the dreams I had the past two days.

Morning of 02/09
I had an apartment not unlike my own. I remember having two people to clean and tidy up the place. I remember pulling the whole kitchen counter back and forth. I remember feeling awkward about paying the salaries of the cleaners I had and it felt like it wasn't worth having them as the place was either tidy enough or they weren't doing enough. I left to find an ATM. There was some kind of bank or insurance company. There was an event going on too. I remember talking to an alien humanoid woman, and there being dialogue options. Being able to pay a fee to unlock or choose certain dialogue options, like bribes in The Elder Scrolls games. I also recall this person having a character portrait that went from greyed out to their actual portrait indicating that they could become a follower. A reflection of anxiety regarding money.


Morning of 03/09
This one was strange. I first recall being in some kind of facility, like a foundry. Molten metal beneath the catwalk. Some large instrument in the centre. And there was an intruder. I remember attacking them with a shotgun and they would dodge or take the hit and return to the shadows and would reappear. They weren't exactly human, they seemed to coalesce from ordinary seeming bones. I remember later being very paranoid about this collection of bones. I remember them being as insignificant as thrown away chicken bones. There were people that I cared about as we were on the surface at some kind of caravan site. Sometimes a bone would rattle, move, or be missing. That put me on edge. a further reflection of my anxieties. Quite an unsettling dream, but I did not feel completely out of control. Just that no permanent resolution was obvious.

I am recalling my dreams more and more now. I think journaling them more consistently, and almost expecting that they will come is having a noted effect. Soon I hope to be more in control and more present in my own dreams.

The hearing has concluded. I have not yet lost my job, where I was almost certain that I would. A lot of things were said that I didn't agree with. If I had stood my ground any more than I did, well, maybe then I would have lost my job. I must be positive about this, and I mustn't let it get to me. For as much as I wish to spend my emotions freely, I cannot afford it. So I pretended that I was looking forward to going back to work. I need to be content with that. I remain in employment. Payment comes at the end of the month; I need only show up. But now more than ever I will have to tread so lightly. It doesn't come naturally to me. I don't know how to be. I've stared at these words now for a few moments. I don't want to change. I want to preserve my true self. Remain positive. I had been so set on any other outcome, but maybe right now this is for the best. Just for a little longer. And now I won't be so out of pocket anymore either. I can relax a little. I'm still getting paid this month. Time to love the world and everything in it.

I wonder what Rarity would have to say about all of this.

End of line.