Hey, I'm getting a bit more of the hang of using this Git stuff.

My thanatophobia themed panic attacks still flare up. This blasted toothache doesn't help. Radiating pain that causes pressure in the head. Anyway. I really need to NOT feed these thoughts of... "you can die at any time". My mortality has never been so obvious to me, and I have so much living left to do.

For a lark I read some of my first posts on this site. Wow. Was I sad. I didn't even recognise it at the time. Angsty as fuck. I guess I had a lot to put out there that I've been holding in. So... operation stuckpuzzlecube.neocities.org is a success? Yes. This is definitely an interesting format for journaling. You can write a lot more, and the feel is, well, it's like you're writing for an audience, even though you're writing for yourself. It's like. You're writing but someone might be watching. Anyway. What was I saying? Oh. Yeah. This site has helped. I was wondering if it would even seem like that, but, yeah. Comparing recent posts to my first few. Yeah.

Why is the title 'Day One of Three'? I'm so glad you asked.

You did ask, didn't you?

You WERE thinking why it was called that, right?

You HAVE been paying attention, haven't you?

...

... ...

... ... ...

Good.

It's because it's one of three days left before my final assessment for the course module. How am I feeling? Not great. Especially since my bitch of a boss in her ideal world would have me do this fucking vapid workplace "training". Waste of time. Oh my god, speaking of my boss, don't even get me started on our strained conversation yesterday. Maybe I'm the crazy one but some of the topics she brought up just didn't seem fit for purpose. Well anyway. Back to what's important. My assessment. I'm going to be alright.

That's all for today. Until tomorrow. <---- this was a lie as you'll soon see

Chai asked me yesterday on WAAO how it felt to be myself. I thought about this question too much. I think about anything Chai says too much. This seemed in response to me posting how happy I was to have my moodpics all be appropriately themed Rarity pictures. Well. I really didn't know how to answer that at first. How it feels to be me... truth is, I'm not really sure! Also, were they asking how it feels being me - to myself? Or how would it feel from another perspective, someone else. How would someone else feel if they were me? Then I wondered if they meant that me being me was being Rarity. All my pictures are of Rarity after all. These pictures I use to convey my mood and feelings. I don't think that is what they were asking but it's an interesting idea. I'm not Rarity. But I've never felt the way I do about a character the way I do with Rarity, I think. Don't get me wrong, I have all of my life being using profile pictures based on whatever character I was most interested in at the time. Rarity is something else. Not too long ago, I didn't even know the names of the Mane Six. Then I watched MLP: FiM with my now ex. Maybe it's the fandom culture, or maybe it's so deeply baked into their creative makeup, that those characters are supposed to be relatable. Well. Out of all of them I sympathise, empathise, and relate to Rarity the most. Never in my life would I have imagined I would like My Little Pony. Not some twelve years ago when my closest friend at the time tried to explain its appeal (who also was unsuccessful at the time to get me to play Team Fortress 2, and it wound up being my most played game besides World of Warcraft). Not even when I had first tried watching it a few years ago, and was filtered by the first episode. Maybe Chai's right. Maybe there's some special quality about the show. Dare I say? Something magic? It's really hard to explain my relationship with Rarity. What I would even want from her if she was real? After all she's a busy pony with many friends and I would hardly fit into that. So me being the gentlepony I am I would be happy just to see her every now and then. What more would I want? In my fantasy world with Rarity, what would I want? Anything at all. Huh. I honestly don't know. Could we be best friends? And go out for brunch and afternoon tea and all the things that are breakfast, lunch, and dinner by any other name? To talk and gossip and chat for hours? To console each other when we get melodramatically upset. To make designs together. Fashion has never been my strongest passion, but I'd want to be there for every runway show. Yes. That is a nice dream.

That is likely my longest segment on Rarity yet. As my longtime readers will know, I usually try to end on a bit about Rarity. Well. That got out of hand... out of... hoof...

I also think the way I end these posts is a bit dry. It's either "end of line" or "now, where was I?", which I think are very fitting. But somehow this post which I intended only to be quite a short one has actually become rather personal. So I will sign off in a way that I have recently chosen to adopt in direct communication.

Always your friend,
- Riddler (T.S)