I struggle with identity. Who doesn't right? But I think I do struggle with it in a particularly frustrating way. And there's so many aspects of identity. But I'll talk about body image, because this is something that came into my head today. I envy artists with their creative personas that they make to represent themselves. I'm speaking of course about all things 3D, furry, toony et cetera. I think this is an internet phenomenon as artists in history, to the extent of what little knowledge I have, would do self-portraits. And these might either be an attempt at something as realistic and honest as possible, or it may be exaggerated: too flattering, or too self-critical, like a reflection on their ego. Modern internet artists with the creations I've witnessed tend to take some influence from their real selves, with some exaggerations, and with a large portion of something entirely new, something invented that compliments the character, that is a portrayal of themselves. A portrayal of how they see themselves really, who they really want to be, or because it's just cool. I struggle with this, and I don't think it's for lack of artistic talent. I think it's an identity issue.

When anyone can look like anything, would there be prejudice based on appearances? If so, would that be less wrong? Prejudices today (and for all of history so far) based on appearances, are typically towards something innate. Your genetics, heritage, body chemistry, whatever. Markers of your origin. And you did not choose to be born nor did you choose where or how or to whom. So if prejudices based on appearances continued into a new age when anyone could become anything, then would that prejudice not be directed instead to one's choice of appearance, not the appearance itself? This is where my train of thought on that runs to unfinished tracks.

Now here's something I struggle with. Life really is a miracle of sorts. And you should try to do the best with what you have. When you can become the very thing you desire on an effortless whim, will that still be magical? Maybe, but I don't think it will be in the same way as playing the cards you've been dealt to the best that you can.

Transhumanists: 1
Fatalists: 1

I think posthumanists might be the better term but I'm afraid I'm not well enough versed in that philosophy to be sure.

Something I wanted to post on this blog for a while was something that was very funny to me. I looked up Shadman on Twitter and it turns out he's active again. I don't think he has his site anymore. If you look on his Twitter he's done Jaiden Animations porn for months. That's funny by itself, but what really made me laugh was a self-portrait. Him sitting in a reclining chair, howling with laughter, pounding the armrest, whilst watching Jaiden Animations. Captioned "aint life grand". The TV is stacked on top of an empty cardboard box, and scattered on the floor are bills, bullets, cigarette stubs. And the last piece that makes the image for me is his phone on the floor, displaying "missed calls - probation officer". Ain't life grand?

I make an effort to smile more. As much as I worry about dying at any time at any moment, I can't help but be happy to be alive. And so I smile. I see the trees, I see the birds, and I see a pretty sky always. What I noticed is, not a lot of people that are by themselves are smiling. Someone passed me today and smiled. Not the sort you'd want to strike up a sudden conversation with or associate at all with by the looks of them. Now I hate to judge based off appearances, and I find it hard not to do, and I hate that, but unfortunately, having worked in the probation service for two years now, I have an eye for it. But I think he saw me smiling, and he smiled back, and I glanced at him to acknowledge them, and they put their hand to their chest and and nodded as he passed me by. I really think I am not so different from those I work with. Or rather, I likely have more in common with the common criminal, than I do with any other typical civilian. There is no comradery or esprit de corps there nor do I want it. It is just an interesting mirror. How things may have been worse off if not for the support of my family, and for having moved schools in my teens. The impulsive behaviours, the anger, disorganised thinking. It is arguable I have done more drugs than quite a few of the people that I have worked with. I am really not so different, or better. Then again, a colleague recently told me that when she used to inspect places of work to take random drug tests, her superior at the time told her that they don't drug test places like where we work, because too many tests would come back positive. Most every colleague I have talked to has a drug story. Or rather, stories.

Well that's more than enough, signing off.

I haven't mentioned Rarity in a while. She's adorable. I would say more but I would be forcing it as I'm spent. A whole blog post for Rarity will come soon.

Now, where was I?