In April this year I was so distraught over the breakdown of my relationship I cried sitting on the floor with my back to the wall. Three years before, something similar had happened at the same time of year. I think that even though I do mature as I grow older, and that much even I find hard to argue with myself, I am still ultimately immature. Recently I started rewatching the Hulk animated series from the 90s. Fortunately I am past pitying myself, or worse, berating myself for enjoying children's cartoons. But there are more broader immature qualities about me that are an issue.

In April I felt a strong resolve to sober up. That was temporary. Then in July I had a panic attack. I thought I was going to die. Even now I still feel that paralysing fear. I am naive, and I am inexperienced. I used to think I was mentally resilient, but no, that was never true. Whatever mental armour you wear, the strength of it comes from the reflection of yourself.

I had planned to use drugs at the end of this month. I even took time off work for it. I am deciding now that I won't. Do I think it will be the death of me? No. But it's obvious that my nervous system is in an awful state, and it won't take weeks to recuperate. It will take months at least. A year or more. I find this unfortunate. I work a stressful job, and the novelty has long worn off, so only the ugly aspects remain for the most part. It is not all that bad, but still. Drugs have been... a release, for me. Though, it hasn't all been good. I have learned two kinds of fear from my use of drugs. The fear of the dark, or the unknown. And a fear of what's real: death. Can I say now that it has been worth it? In my presently languid and anxious state, I would say maybe not. That said, LSD has certainly broadened my mind. It has helped me to appreciate the beauty of living. Until July, I saw it as the most wholesome drug.

I did not make this decision from a sudden epiphany or from having perceived flirting with death again today. It was a boring decision made past my bedtime. It just isn't something that I can't look forward to in the state that I'm in. It's no longer a form of release, now just another source of anxiety. Will this be the last time that I use? Doubtful. But I imagine I will be clean for a year.

Things may improve towards the close of October. Anxieties may abate. I must choose to let things continue to improve. Both progress and change is slow, yet still it comes. I have had a good run. Reluctantly I must switch tracks. Embrace the "wasteland of reality". It's anything but. Once, I told someone that I believed my brain was "hardwired into reality". Life is a wondrous thing, and beauty is everywhere in abundance. It is staring in your face, and if it isn't, then it is something you need only search for.

When you're walking with your head down low, and the streets brighten suddenly as the clouds part, and your spirit lifts. You raise your head and look up at the sun only for a moment, and a bright spot stays with you in your vision. Even when the clouds reclaim the sky. Even when you turn into a dark alley.

When you cross a bridge and feel the spring in your step as the boards below flex and have you bouncing along.

When you are crammed into an elevator full of people packed in like tall, thin and quiet pencils, and the floor you want to take off on never seems to come, and everything feels to grow longer, and the air too becomes thin. And you want to choke but you won't. Then the doors part, and the first thing you see is a chin so bold and striking that it seems to shine. You want to gasp and raise a hand to cover your eyes. And then you see a smile. And you smile back.

For when a moment everything is quiet, and it is strange, but no unsettling. For a moment, that silence is yours.

When a dog walks around you. When fish come to the glass, when a bird doesn't fly away. When a stray cat rubs up against you, and you feel that you two are not so unalike, nor so alone.

When you see children coming home from school doing something stupid. And they're yelling and screaming. But you can tell that they're not bad children. They're just having fun. And you remember how you were too having fun in the same way.

When you're biking along a road you've never been before, and the road takes a great drop, and you sail down it effortlessly with the wind in your hair.

When you see something that has you think of something else, which makes you think of something else, and this goes on and on until you are reminded of something you love, and now that is a very good way to spend an afternoon.

When you get into bed after a hard day's work. When you get into a hot bath after a day of having done very little.

When you read, and you feel your interest waning, until a sentence so beautiful resonates so closely with your heart, that you read it over and over to commit it to memory. When you read and find that hours have passed by, because of a subtle but powerful electricity that seems to be absorbed by your fingertips with every turned page.

For when you think of all the trend chasers, and you worry that someday the things you always loved will no longer interest you. And then you have the first taste of something simple. Black bitter coffee. Cream and caramel syrup. Strawberries. Something you haven't had in far too long. Then you realise that may never be true.

Making someone smile. Making someone laugh. When you think yourself incredibly clever, and very funny.

And for all the nature put together, all the myriad shades of green. When a ladybug lands on your hand and seems to be your friend. And you can't help but have the most guilty, selfish thought, that maybe all of this is for you.

This got out of hand. And there is so much more that could be said. Truthfully this was not the blog post I felt inspired to make. Though, I don't think what I had in mind was as special as this.

Always your friend,
- Riddler (T.S)