I felt like complaining about something, or coming up with things to complain about, and then instead I spent the time looking at code for my old site and then I saw the marquee I had filled with quotes from songs that I really liked. So naturally, I wanted to put that here. So I did! And if you're lucky, you should be able to see some scrolling text at the top of the screen. It's mostly text from the songs that I find most profound to my identity! I hope you enjoy it. It should change on refresh also. Isn't that neat? So what I mean to say is, I guess I've once again expended my energy on something more productive.

Desu is being a kind help to me. She verified that the marquee works for her. She also made me aware of what secrets are on GitHub... so now the code for this site can be public. Isn't that nice? I did look this up online a day or two ago, but what I saw was someone saying that "GitHub wasn't made for what you want to do so it's either all public or private". Phooey. It turns out I'm not a very good programmer, or a coder. Is there a third option? Well I'd like to use AI less. I like understanding what I'm actually doing. But, well. How much can I lean on any one person? Speaking of leaning on people. I should probably do that less. At least in the way that I do. I'm a creep, I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here.

I spent all of today, or I guess yesterday, as it's now the early hours of the morning, sleeping. I woke up, and went back to sleep. It was comfortable. I'm worrying a lot less about things. I should probably worry about them, but... maybe not yet. Maybe I can, if I stop worrying, catch up on studying, develop this site some more, and get a headstart in some other things that are important to me. I can always get hired as a temporary worker for something somewhere. I got my last paycheck yesterday too. Or, should I say, my last full paycheck. Full paycheck from the government. It sure is great to be suspended with pay. They can't really attribute whatever the fuck it is I've done or haven't done to anything that would have a jury of whoever nod or shake their head collectively. It just doesn't make any sense. So I guess that's why I'm suspended with pay. I hate how this whole experience has made me doubt the kind of person that I am. What I'm about. If I'm about anything. Do I care? I think so. I try to. I definitely don't care as much as I guess I would like people as a whole to do so. Get these bad thoughts out of my head. Stop worrying so fucking much. Stop comparing yourself to who you have been, who you wanted to be, and other people. Jesus Christ just get it together man! It's not that bad.

I jerked off again. Nothing to write about. And I'm writing about it. Writing of it. Writing of the fact I masturbated. I am a hedonistic monster. I salivate at the thought of alcohol, smoking cigarettes, snorting drugs, popping pills, warping my mind with psychadelics, eating chocolate covered strawberries, and copious amounts of sex with... well. You know? It doesn't really do it for me all that much if it's not someone I love. That makes things difficult. As much as my fantastical desires may deviate from immediate reality I guess... I don't know. I saw the light. That light's gone now. And it's dark. Not in the way that I like. Red and purple lights. What am I talking about? I'm so fucking pathetic it's unreal. I can't help but like what I want. Maybe it's time to grow up or want less. That sure would be easier. God. It sure is fucking good when you get what you want. You have left a stain on me that is hard to scrub out. You and your perverted mind. Yes! You're the pervert! I am pure an innocent. I am an angel. I am walking this earth looking for my wings. All of you are temptations and distractions. None of you love me. Do you know what love is like? Do you remember being in love? Do you remember what it was like when you started to love less? Do you remember realising that it was going to end? Do you remember how you felt when you did everything right and it still wasn't enough? Do you remember how they didn't love you because of what you did? Do you remember all the times you told each other that you loved each other? Do you remember believing in that delusion? It's horrible isn't it? To see it all in retrospect, to take it all in, and to realise that you were there from the start until the end. I fall into all of my relationships. Will the next be the same? Will things be different if it's a choice? My choice. Do I want that? What I want is too fucking pathetic and embarrassing even for this. I don't even know if I could write it on paper. As an aside, if my Twitter bookmarks were ever leaked, I think that would be it for me. Delete Discord. Find some new friends. It could be worse at least. Thank god for that. Thank you Jesus for never making gore, scat, inflation, vore, or anything like that appealing to me. Getting tentacle-fucked though. Hm. I'd try it at least once or twice.

I started studying. I need to get back to that. It's so much easier when I'm in the middle of it. Getting started, that's the real kicker. I like all my little distractions though. They make this shitfuck life worth living. At least to me. Please don't take these things away from me. It's all I have, and I don't want anything else. God. God. God save me.

MAMA.
I WANT TO LIVE!

My favourite pony, don't you know, is Rarity.

Now. Where was I?