Finally up during the day today. It wasn't so bad. I crashed at about 1800 for a couple of hours so that's going to throw me out of whack. I should be ready to sleep by now. I've been spending this time clearing up my main storage harddrive. There's... so... much... junk. I love it. My beloved junk. From my favourite saved pictures and videos, to movies I keep saved just in case, to mementos made. Even the smallest arrangement of pixels evokes a strong memory. To really sort, categorise, and properly name, and potentially tag everything, that might take me... months. If only I had the blasted habit of organisation long ago.

I found a feather on my balcony this morning. Pigeons. I really need to install some kind of anti-pigeon device. Pigeon deterrent strip on my balcony rail. Anyhow. I picked up the feather. I let it loose and it immediately was caught in a gust of wind. It more or less found the same spot that I had originally picked it up from. I picked it up again after having spun around to track it. I leaned over the balcony rail and reached out, and let go. The wind took it away, to the right, and it was gone.

I made a few posts on WAAO today. Nothing substantial. Just some things that I like. It really feels empty now. Now one has even responded to Vryk's quite personal post from a little while ago. Since I'm not using Discord at the moment, I can only wonder how things are on Chai's server. I plan to make some more posts soon, even if I'll be the only one posting there. That said, making posts this way takes up more than enough of my time for that sort of thing.

Speaking of posting and being social online, despite not having used Discord in a while, I don't think I'm going particularly up the wall. My plushies and inner voice keeps me company. Oh and I see family every now and then, once a week. Sometimes even that feels like too much for someone like me. I wish I wasn't like that and was but a fountain of joy for all that I love. As long as I'm not really avoiding anyone though, I think whatever it is I'm doing is fine. I'm learning to be okay with things and the way I am. Though, I haven't really responded to Adam, nor have I responded to Ash, who sent me something rather personal. Issue is I didn't really expect Ash to strike up casual conversation on my cell number. Unfortunately, I'm not all that enthusiastic about his long posts about whatever game he's playing that well, leaves me with little to say. So I always feel bad for not really addressing much in his long texts. But, I wonder if this is really a me problem, or a him problem. Last time we played games he messaged me early in the morning, and not long later after I hadn't responded he messaged again me with "don't do this to me man". I may have already mentioned this, but that really upset my day.

I'm having more and more issues with Fedora 44 KDE the more I use it. Minor things. Some UI problems, freezing programs, stability. For the most part it's great. But I think I might be moving to Kubuntu 26.04 for a while to compare. No I definitely will be. Today I was reading reviews on Fedora 44 to see if I was not the only one having these very general kind of issues, and that's when my computer froze and crash. Well, damn!

Last night, when falling asleep, and it was hard, because of how I've mostly been sleeping during the day, but I had a bit of a fright. With eyes closed a fuzzy darkness grew very quickly, and I jolted up. It seems I am not quite over my thanatophobia. No. I often think about dying early. I don't know if you can really wrestle much with mortality. A man who isn't happy with what he has, will never be satisfied with what he will have - or something like that. Fuck it. I had a good life. Good food. Lots of laughs. Love. The exquisite pain and depth of the agony of sadness and all those other shitty emotions. The human experience altogether for me has been mayhaps somewhat deprived compared to the idea of the average ordinary individual, but--! I maintain that both the range and intensity of my feelings for everything I have had the pleasure and honour of experiencing more than makes up for it.

Oh. I almost forgot. It's the title of the blogpost after all. Happy Birthday Miku! Whilst I am not your biggest fan, I am very fond and grateful for the fan art, and for your cover of Paranoid Android.

Rarity is my favourite pony. Tomorrow I'll talk about a few things I enjoyed about her in recent episodes I've been watching tomorrow.

Now, where was I?