I slept really well last night. I think that might be because I had a Delta-9 jelly bean. I didn't eat because I planned to go out and get some fish and chips which seemed really lovely at the time. I wanted to go to this place that's near my aunt and uncle's, but it's a ten minute walk, and it would be a ten or fifteen minute wait, and I was tired and felt sedated. So I skipped dinner. Woke up. Felt good! Rested. Didn't wake up at 2am like I sometimes do. And I didn't sleep too much either. So what did I go and do? Well I didn't go to the gym I didn't start studying. I depleted my dopamine on blasted cigarettes. It was fun. Then I felt ill probably because of the Red Bull on an empty stomach with so much nicotine in my system. Then I made a salad and had some green tea. Today I need to renew my railcard and get some tickets to see my friend later this month. I don't know why I keep putting it off. I guess I don't want to spend the money. He's offered to pay for me, but I don't really want him to do that for me. Him being my friend and letting me stay with him and him putting up with me is more than what I can ask for. Sometimes I think I'm really quite alone with how small and uneventful my social life is, but there are probably people out there with no friends at all. Maybe one or two people they know online. I guess it can always be lonelier. Smaller.

Did you really think someone who fished around in dumpsters for their backpack full of drugs was really going to quit? Well. I am. The road to healing is a long one... I ordered some menthol vape pods. I'll get to puff them on my computer being all productive, and then I'll just stop. Like I've always done. So I say. I've been told that if you smoke, stop for a while, and then smoke again, you're still a smoker. It's true. God. I can see why my ex was hooked on these now. I made fun of her for it. I hate it. Still empathising with someone no longer in my life.

Well that's all I feel a need to say today.

Get it in your thick head already! Rarity is my favourite pony! What are you, stupid?

Now, where was I?