"I need to tell you something. Please listen, and try not to panic. You've been in a coma for... quite some time. Yes, yes, I know, you would like to know how long. I'm afraid it's been... n̵i̵n̵e̵ eleven years."

Happy anniversary to the release of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. Those that are aware of Metal Gear but have never played the games will believe the reputation that exists, that it is a hard to understand story. It isn't if you do play them. There's plenty to discuss but it's not incomprehensibly convoluted. That said. The story of The Phantom Pain however, is by all standards and not just that of Metal Gear, a sparse one. Despite that fact, it is the Metal Gear game I have played the most. It is an incredibly fun and polished sandbox game. I would go so far as to argue that it has the most widespread appeal, maybe it was born in a time when most everyone was connected online always, maybe also because it was right on the money with the present zeitgeist. I still feel the echoes of its angsty themes of loss, ghosts, fakes and doppelgangers resonate throughout the web. There is a lot more that can be said.

But I'll finish with this. First, I think that Metal Gear Solid 4 will always pull its weight because of how it wrapped up the franchise's story. For your assistance in recognising the importance of this: Metal Gear released in 1987. Metal Gear Solid first released in 1998. Metal Gear Solid 4 released in 2008. It was a real complete ending to an epic and constantly evolving saga. Metal Gear Solid V is... a "pre-sequel". It was crammed right in-between the two major eras of the Metal Gear story. If the game was complete, and had a true, polished, playable ending, I'm unsure if that would have given it the staying power it has to this day. It is a beautiful and polished game. And it's unfinished. People have interwoven their feelings on this, mixing the games core theme of loss and "phantom pain", a sense of something that's there but isn't - this mixed with the reality that this amazing game is incomplete. It's blended together in a strangely meta way. It has sparked so much conversation and has been the source of so many memes. A game that never needed to be, a game that was nearly perfect, a game unfinished. But now I'm acting vaguely poetic.

Someone I know online has only played Metal Gear Solid V. They play it a lot. They probably have more hours on it than I do - maybe, maybe not if you combine my hours spent on PlayStation 3, 4, and on PC. I once asked how they might have felt about knowing Ocelot, your friendly rescuer turned Mother Base operations commander and intel gatherer, is the final boss of the main story chronologically. I don't think they replied to that one.

Last night I had a dream stuffed with anxieties. I had a type of brain cancer, I can't recall the name. Treatable, not curable. Affects memory long-term. I was distraught. I remember also being on a bus, disembarking, and then rushing back to the wrong spot to intercept it to gather my cumbersome load of things. Later I was driving a mini-van or people carrier down a hill, unable to stop properly, so I would swerve in traffic. Fairly typical anxieties for me. I didn't sleep well, but I slept enough. I'm expecting this to get better in a period of days-to-weeks if I keep bed time consistent.

I've come across some good ideas for a story I've been wanting to write. Another story. I know I haven't even published Strafbat or "Infinite Praxis" yet (unsure of that name, but well, that's what was loaned to me by Ash). I'm keen to write it though. It's interesting to me. And I would like to write more, if only shorter stories, and if only to get to that "one million words" benchmark of becoming an adequate writer.

That's all for now. Oh, I did say I would mention Rarity in my last post. More than usual that is. Well, I noticed that she was wearing a nightie and pink fluffy slippers, though this pair was worn on her front hooves, not her rear hooves. It looked a bit strange seeing her wallow in bed with these slippers so close to her face and nothing on her hind hooves. And later in another episode, I really appreciated her butterfly wings that Twilight Sparkle had granted her with magic, made from "gossamer and morning dew" if I recall. When in Cloudsdale she rose, light refracted through those transparent wings and casted rays of coloured light. Her audience was in awe, and she, as if she didn't understand why she received such sudden vocal appreciation, made a kind of strange, surprised and happy laugh to herself. I like that a lot.

End of line.