Well, hello! A warm welcome to my loyal readers. Are you ready for more embarrassing information about me? I'm so glad I don't have comments as a feature yet. I don't think I have the mental armour for that yet.

Your art came on my timeline again. It was of your fursona, but as a train. Your smiling cat creature fursona's face on the front of a steam train. You seem happy.

I think it's time to make my account private again. There's nothing I really need to get across to you. If some part of me is shown to be suffering, you will probably enjoy that. I know what you're like. You're like me. You're petty, and you don't forget. So I think it's time to clear out the rooms again. Sorry reader, if you haven't already seen my Twitter, you maybe never will! Most of your stuff is already in a cardboard box. Pictures of you, and all the other mementos. I somehow crammed your ushanka in there too. There's a few more things that need to go. They're not going to fit. So. It'll be better to just throw them away. When I messaged you again in early 2025, we hadn't spoken for close to a year. It didn't feel that long. And I only knew you for such a short period of time. These three months has felt like forever. It's hard to believe that much time has passed, but I have the receipts for what's transpired. It sure has unravelled a lot. The strings that make up the seams have come loose. That's okay. An opportunity to stitch up better. Can I be someone that doesn't unravel so easily? Maybe. I imagine that will take a lot of effort. It will probably be worth it. It probably won't be me. Well, there's only so much time in the day. I need to work on my education more than anything. Then, find a source of income. Simon once said that he had no idea what it is that I'd do for work. He said it'd be something amazing. I think he's right. It's just going to take me a while to get there. I'll make you all proud of me.

I jerked off again and I came I jerked off again and I came I jerked off again and I came. I won't go into details. I feel like I set myself back a bit but I will also not go into detail with what I mean by that.

I received my second TMA (tutor marked assignment) that makes up 35% of my grade for this module. 88/100. I was dreading this. I thought it was going to be much worse. I DREAD to open it up because I know so many of the comments will be moaning about my lack of formatting. I did not try hard enough. That has to change. So much about me needs to change. I spent all day in bed, sleeping, dreaming. The only thing I can really remember is being woken by sensing a presence. I saw in my dream a dark silhouette, moving for a quarter second. I felt someone there. No one was there. I have been all alone. I have been very alone these past few days. It has been quiet. It has been nice. It has been disconcerting, this amount of peace. Were it not for the internet, and for the sound of cars outside, I would be the only man left on Earth.

I need to consider metacognition more. Chai, or Joey, talks about this. Brings it up. I have been open to it for a while. It does help to question what it is you're doing. Especially if you're so prone to wasting time. I like wasting time. Spending minutes upon minutes looking for some obscure sound effect, voice clip, or relevant image. I like spending my time like this. If I could, I would spend all my time doing these things. I wish I was better at talking with people. I'm just very keen to share myself and my things and what I like with people. So often as a response will I bring up something that I did as well as whatever it is I'm responding too. "Oh, I did this too when I was younger". I wish to be less like that. I thought about doing improv with the intention of improving my background character skills. That would be a waste of time. Fun though. Anyway. What am I doing? I'm writing this blogpost. Why? I want to. I need the outlet. Okay, that's fine. Is there anything more? No. Then what do you need to do? Finish the previous week's study material, start working on this week's, consolidate what I should already know and commit it to my permanent notes, and crack open that PDF on C. Alright.

My favourite pony is Rarity.

Now where was I?