Spurred on by hate. That's the kind of beast that you are. Anger. Frustration. That's what keeps you going. That's what makes you do anything at all.

I just had a call with someone. They're an investigator for work place disputes. If you've been reading, you'll know that I'm suspended (with pay) from work. Well, if it wasn't already certain I'm losing my job, I am now most definitely losing my job. Maybe I'll get another month's pay out of this. But in any case. That bitch fucking lied. Maybe you know me, maybe you don't. Maybe I'm this flawed horrible creature. But I did not grin and laugh like a fucking cartoon villain because I told this stupid needy useless person that it is "very emotionally draining" so stop fucking asking me "am I a good person?". Who the fuck am I to tell you that? Are you a good person, are you a bad person? Why the fuck should I care? Why am I the ultimate arbiter of that? I don't give a shit. And I'm not going to lie to you either. Then you threatened to up and leave, take a half-day. So I shut up thinking "oh boy here we go". I cannot tell if you're trying deliberately to get me into shit because of how you felt slighted by me, or if you're such a dizzy, dozy mare that you actually believed all that shit. With my inflated sense of coolness, yeah, all you losers want to talk to me. You all want my validation. Why the fuck is that? It can't be that, right? It has to be something else. And why the fuck are you all "scared" or "intimidated" by me? What the fuck have I done? Put me next to a brolic 6'4 black guy and see how fucking intimidating I seem then. I wish I could say any of this was deliberate. Instead, no. Despite having the capacity for enjoying making others suffer, I generally do not care for it. I enjoy only teasing my loved ones, which, maybe is worse. But you? All of you? How fucking dare you. This is all so twisted. So this is the real world huh? I'm not cut out for it. I'm just not. And it won't get easier. It won't be. Maybe I'll find my people maybe I won't. Christ.

Yesterday was windy. I went out and bought some cigarettes. Two packs. The guy I usually buy from for the first time reached for the cigarette drawer soon as he saw me. He gave me a look of concern and said "two?" I told him not to worry, that I'm not a two pack a day smoker yet. Well I sure smoked some fucking cigarettes. Anyway I walked home. Bought some carrots and onions and beans and chicken and I later cooked for myself for the first time in I don't know, weeks. Proper cooking anyway. I took the elevator up and I had my earphones on. The fat black guy who I was sharing the elevator with was speaking at me and made some gestures, I didn't care to take my headphones off. I just nodded and gave him a thumbs up. I think if anything he wanted to remark on the pop disco music I was listening to at the time. When he got off on the first floor he looked lost. Oh. Anyway, I went to the balcony and smoked. That was my day in the real world.

I can't wait until tomorrow. I am going to have some fucking fun. It is going to be a ball. This time I will try not to blow up everyone's DMs with some new divine revelation that's lost on me soon as the acid has worn off. Like always I won't go into detail about what I plan to get up to. I'll leave that up to your imaginations. I might leave the house and sit in the park for a bit just to get some fresh air. I think I'll watch some ENA; I haven't watched her show in a while. Who the fuck knows what I'll do? I am an inconsistent beast. 

What the fuck am I doing? Stop spiralling you stupid bastard. You have this. It's not hard. You've got this. Yes, you have no girlfriend, no job, no abundance of friends or love or support, no money. So what? People have done more with less. Some sadistic (or masochistic (or psychotic)) fuck would probably think of all of those things as hinderances. This is raw. Just me. It's only me. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck FUCK. If you read each individual fuck there just now I consider you a comrade. Alright. Let's get this show on the road. Let's make some noise.

"You can either play or you can crawl under a boat and waste away -- turn into salt or a flock of seagulls. Your enemies would *love* that. Or you can fight. The only way to load the dice is to keep on fighting."

And in case you didn't know...! My favourite pony is Rarity.

End of line.