"WARNING! WARNING! CRITICAL POWER SAFETIES HAVE BEEN DISENGAGED. PLEASE VACATE THE IMMEDIATE AREA."

It was done. There was no turning back now. The coolant was cut off from the reactors, and the last ion injector was activated, triggering a meltdown. The bunker beneath Area 51 that had become the central hub for global communications was now a lit powder keg. In a few more moments, it would be nothing more than a buried-over mass grave.

Page had tried to bargain with him before the end. The world's secrets. Any continent a prize under his thumb.

Anything.

Helios, the benevolently intentioned rogue AI born of a merging between the Daedalus AI and the antipodal Icarus program, warned him there would be chaos.

Was this the right choice? The future was now more uncertain than ever, but uncertainty seemed the lesser evil compared to certain and complete control over humanity.

Something Tracer Tong had told him only moments ago echoed in his mind.

"As long as technology has a global reach, someone will have the world in the palm of his hand."

Denton walked from out of the control room. Loud klaxons began to blare, and arcs of electricity sparked violently from heavy machinery which were all beginning to collapse.

His Infolink augment became active, receiving what was to be one of the last digital communications made on Earth.

"JC! The net's going... the net's going black! JC!", Tong communicated to Denton, their voice beaming directly into his temporal lobe.

Deeper in the labyrinth below, Page barked impotently at Helios from within the Nanotech infusion chamber, his ascension brought to a halt.

"Helios. What's happening?"

"The safety interlocks for the power generator have been disengaged", Helios informed him without emotion.

"Engage them...", Page paused nervously. "Immediately!"

"I cannot. My systems are not interfaced with the generator technology."

The would-be despot billionaire wailed a futile cry before his end.

Denton was now sprinting at superhuman speed, grabbing hold of the corners of the corridors as he weaved through and up out of the complex. There was little reason or plan to his escape, no idea for what would come after if he managed to make it. Only the innate, human desire to live burned in him. He had discarded all of his equipment that was not technologically augmented with his flesh and blood, and still he was heavy. Burdened by what he had chose to do. Of what would come after.

Tong's voice chimed in his head again, becoming more and more distorted with the facility failing explosively around him.

"No more Infolinks! Transmissions of any kind. We'll start again... live in villages..."

The klaxons deepened in pitch, sounding the final death knell of the net. Of tyranny.

This...

This was it.

"FINAL SAFETY WARNING. NOMINAL FUNCTION LEVELS WILL BE EXCEEDED IN THREE..."

"If you receive this...", Tong was scarcely comprehensible.

"TWO..."

"Then find us..."

"ONE..."

"Find us!"



Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors
But today we kneel only to truth
(Follow only beauty)
(And obey only love)

- Kahlil Gibran