I said that last time I would write a chapter of that story that's stuck in the back of my head. I will. I'm writing this now as a reminder.

It's not enough. I don't know when it will be if ever. Or what I want. It must be nice knowing what you want. I know some things I want. Those things are mostly material. The longer I leave things the worse it's going to get. What am I doing? I've been playing a lot of games with friends lately. That's been nice. I don't feel so alone. I feel that my connections are much stronger than they were. It's up to me to show the people I care about how much they mean to me. If I can't do that much, then why would they want to spend their time with me? Everyone is working and studying now. I should be too.

I hate that this has only been possible by stealing someone's website design and vibe coding the rest of it. Then again, if I were to make this with my current capabilities? I would hate how that would turn out. Does it matter? Kind of! I wanted to focus on making this site in May. Instead, in May, I played games, and I didn't make a game, which is what I said I would do.

I think maybe Marek is right. Maybe I do beat myself up too much. I should stop doing that.

I tried jerking off. It felt good. It wasn't it though. I think I know what is it, but I don't want to go there right now. Now more than ever I am confused about what I want. It would be easier if I was gay. Am I gay? God. I know I'm not gay because men aren't attractive to me. Would it be easier if I was trans? A transbian? LOL. I know I'm not trans because I'm not good at programming. Will either of these things change? No, probably not. People become more themselves. So what does that mean? That I'll become worse at programming. God why do I frame everything like that? Like obviously, I want to be able to actually program, so why does my head automatically go to the line of thought of "when you really learn to program you'll just be worse". How does that work? Someone tell me now. How does that work?

I really want to see the Ghost in the Shell anime again. What I saw on Saturday. When I went I thought it was going to be one of the CG movies from the 2010s that I had no interest in. I decided to go because it was going to be the only way I'd ever interact with the GitS media from that time. Turns out, it was actually three episodes of the upcoming anime produced by Science Saru! Holy shit. It was really fucking good. I had a large popcorn and a Pepsi. That made me so happy. Not the food and drink but the anime. Watching the creator commentary at the end was nice too. You could really tell they poured some love into the making of it. They all talked about their own experiences with the universe and that was very sweet. For a lot of them they grew up on the manga, the 1995 movie, or on the Stand Alone Complex TV show. It was really nice hearing their thoughts. Someone said that they didn't get it completely. I'm rewatching Stand Alone Complex right now, I'm on the seventh episode of the 2nd Gig season 2. I think it can be hard to follow sometimes. Sometimes there will be an episode and the starting context or premise will contain a lot of things that just exist off screen, so you have to pick up on what you're actually being shown, and not worry so much about the small details. Which minister is corrupt, which corporation developed what technology and when. These details don't really matter but to someone like me they feel important. It's a universe that I like a lot. We're approaching the year in which GitS takes place and, as someone said in the commentary, the technology is quite different but you can appreciate the differences. I think they were talking more about how futuristic technology was depicted in 1989-1991 in the manga, but for some reason that resonated with me. I think it's upsetting we don't yet have cyberbrain technology. Being able to sense yourself walking the web. Though, in that universe (and as it follows an elite off-the-books, counter-terrorism, always-on-the-offensive organisation) will usually only depict the drawbacks of that technology. Like how we all use the web, but we're all not getting hacked and having our bank accounts drained. But in that universe, everyone is getting ghost-hacked, their memories stolen, their chips fried. Fried chips. Fish and chips. Fried liver... anyway. When I say I want to see this anime again it's because I'd like to see it again on acid. But I'll save the pleasure of using drugs for fun this Friday or Saturday. I need something. Something more than this. Avalon.

I won't get enough done tonight. I have to report to my boss' boss this morning at 10am. That's just how it is. Just like going to the Job Centre I guess. Christ. Suspended with pay. Pete said you'd have to fuck up HARD to get kicked out of a government job. Did I fuck up hard? Or are things just hard for me? Is everyone just cruel? I don't want any of this. I don't need it. Here, you can have it. I'll make my living selling life-sized Mal0 sex dolls. Did you know? If you make money online you don't have to pay tax.

This will do. This is enough for now. My favourite pony is Rarity.

End of line.