Back to work Monday tomorrow. Kind of. They want to phase me back in. I think the rota change that was proposed maybe a year ago has finally gone through. I don't know for sure but that was one of a few excuses to not have me come back on full-time immediately. I'm okay with that. Oh, and the "training"...

I had a whirl with my new Polaroid camera yesterday. I took quite an ugly self-portrait, and four shots of some major landmarks in my city centre. One of a few colourful houses by the river that goes through my city - this came out very dark. I might have taken it out of the camera's shield too quickly. I think it's awkward that the photo comes out facing up and not down but I guess they couldn't get the shield to work with the photo coming out the other way? I took one of my city's cathedral from the courtyard. I laid down in a corner and took a picture of the spire - this came out really good. I took one of the castle that's practically right in the centre of the city, this one came out nice too. And lastly I took one of the market - this one came out a little dark, and it doesn't reflect how colourful it really is, but it's alright. As I was climbing down from my spot two older gentlemen approached me and talked to me about photography, that was a nice interaction. I'm sending these photos to a penpal I have in Norway; they asked for me to send them some. I had fun. I wish Polaroid film wasn't so expensive but for someone who isn't that invested in photography, it's a really cool camera to have. I hope to take some cooler photos soon for myself.

My final essay/assessment is due Thursday at noon. I really need to get started on that, soon. I can't leave this one to the last moment like the last two. The last one I did was pushing it enough. I know I'll pass but it's a bit of a waste for the easier credits in my course... and there isn't anything else stopping me aside from just not wanting to do it right now. But when it's done, I'm done with studying until November.

I didn't make a post here because yesterday I spent a lot of time posting on WAAO and messaging Ash. We had a really funny conversation roleplaying two executives of a space-faring trade empire and we would have our useless AI assistants hack each other and the power in the ship went out because we used it too much and the artificial river pool was also a burden. We spent the last of the energy on producing twelve topping pizza so we could go into cryostasis with full bellies whilst the bactarium workers drift the ship towards a gas station for 500 years.

I saw a really good edit with some ponies with Black Hole Sun playing. Rarity was the first of the ponies shown.

End of line.