My loyal readers, welcome. Sorry it has been so long. I have been meaning to write about the experience I've had last Friday night. If you're reading this you likely know about it, just not in detail. It's over 6000 words long now, so it will be a long read. I thought I should write something because I like being regular with this blog.

If you've read the title of this post you may be wondering "he's quitting what?", well. I'm quitting smoking. This time for good. I promise. I have made smoking a bit too important to my character and that has been a hurdle in quitting. I haven't tried to quit seriously. I've never had to quit anything before really. This though. It's hard when you've actually been smoking a lot. I would say I've been smoking frequently for two months now. I've smoked before but never than a pack or two at a time with months between those periods. It started off when I ordered a pack of my favourite Lucky Strike Blue cigarettes at work. I had never done that before. It was a super trashy thing to do and that's exactly why I wanted to do it. I had money, so why not? So I did it. I had picked up vaping again at the time. Well, it was all downhill from there. People who I were friendly with at work, ex-offenders, offered to get me cigarettes for a fiver. Considering the cheapest you can buy cigarettes for typically from a shop here is about £13.50, that was a bargain. So I smoked a lot of those. Then I started buying them myself. I wasn't getting a buzz from them at some point. I dissected a pack, and the tobacco seemed either immature or plainly not tobacco. So I started buying cigarretes normally. Then I got suspended (with pay). Then I have been in the habit of smoking every day on my balcony. Going out for a smoke. The first smoke of the day, what a feel. Smoking on the balcony blasting my favourite sad tunes, what a mood. There isn't anything like it. Though I will admit, it does get a bit boring. It isn't good for me, that's obvious. So, I need to quit. I am wasting so much money on cigarretes, money I can't afford to be spending. So, I'm quitting. This time really for good.

I've just now asked desu for help. To help me quit. They say they'll be my accountability buddy. That's nice. I think it helps more to just tell people you're quitting, making people aware of it. Suddenly then you have people to let down other than yourself. You can't twist it in your mind. One last pack. One last smoke. It's easy not to care. It's part of why I'm making this post. To put some intention behind it. Thoughts for me don't really go anywhere. I haven't yet built up that part of me. The self-control. The volition. Drive. I don't know. I expect to be moody for a while. Bored. To have cravings. So be it.

Well that's all. Nothing more to say about this. I might vape I might not. Depends if I can be bothered. Nothing but clean air for me now. Yep. That's me. Mr. Clean. A born again virgin. I wish I lived in the country side or by the sea. How fresh the air is. All these cars burning their rubber. I wonder how dumb I sound.

My favourite pony? I never thought you would ask. My favourite pony is Rarity.

Now, where was I?