God give me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change.
Courage to change the things I can.
And wisdom to tell the difference.

I feel a changing air. Dry. A drought. A drought of love. Attention. It is coming. There's no reason in acting blind to my senses. I am not usually wrong when it comes to my feelings, though I am always hurt nonetheless. It is easy to ignore things. Easy to take comfort immediately, until you can't ignore the pain. Maybe it isn't an uncanny extrasensory ability, some kind of precognition, as much as I would like to believe in that. It is rather more likely that how things will be for me soon will be a result of how I have acted, and how I will continue to act. Then how to act? What show will I put on? Who will be watching? For this, I am lacking in imagination, or there is an unwillingness there to expend effort. The part I'll play will be no great act. Not yet. Maybe it is time to move on. To let the next few months blur into something broad and hazy though not unproductive. Time to give up agonising every day. Choose happiness. I am still trying to understand what this will look like. I can't simply shut people out. That won't be enough. Not for what I want. Not for what I need. Sometimes I wonder about how I am. Why am I sensitive? Why am I capable of feeling such extraordinary pain? Pain wide and long. Suffering isn't as simple as hurting your knee falling off of the slide anymore. I have no deep pain. Complex but ordinary. Nothing I'm going through is so alien or difficult to understand. It just isn't interesting. And it doesn't make me very interesting at all. Sometimes, it's all I have. Sometimes, I like pushing people away. It's fun. It confused people. I should say, people that care about me. It makes people not take your feelings for them for granted. I am awful really. I'm not smart or special. I just lack the conscience to not hurt people in the way that hurts them most. It is so easy and maybe that's why it's so vulgar. You think because you can hurt people, you're smart. You're not. You've just gone to a level that no one that cares about anyone would stoop to. Can I change? Absolutely. Will I? I don't know. I think now I am a better person than I ever was. To be able to recongise this. Love is complex. Love was never in great supply. So should I worry? About love? Well. To a point. Now I feel I am out of words to say.

I wonder who reads this. I have an idea. I think it is either more, or it is either less than I imagine. Either are comforting thoughts. What would anyone learn from this? What I write about. Maybe nothing. Maybe it's just enjoyable. I think all of this is unbecoming of who I really am. This isn't exactly like me. But, I'm here. I'm not myself. Don't misunderstand me, it would be obvious to anyone that I'm someone who loves attention. I suppose it's that I would rather have that attention directed to more positive things. This? I am undone. Maybe instead, not yet fully formed. I have been waiting a long time for a metamorphosis. My adventure. Something in me so desperately needs to attach meaning to every single thing. I can't think that all of this so far has been for nothing. No. All of this so far can only be the precise conditions necessary in the creation of me. On the surface of what I've just now said? Self-care bullshit. But there's something more there to me. Some pattern I can feel. Maybe something like pareidolia. Maybe a pattern of false positives. I am grateful to want so much, despite how small it makes me feel. I am grateful to feel so much, despite how hurt I can be. I am grateful to believe in something more. Any sense of dissatisfaction in my life will be on me. I really am the master of my own destiny. If I really believe in this, am I going to change? Unfortunately, I feel so. I must eat the more bitter fruit. There is only so much that is sweet that hangs low.

I am grateful for my friend Adam. He is a loyal companion and he respects my needs. I am grateful for my friend Mark, known as Ash. He is intelligent, witty, creative, and full of love. He is my brother, and I am his. Above all else, he is truly funny, and I enjoy his company. I am grateful for my friend whom I call Chai, who styles themselves as Joey. They are a comrade of mine, peer of peers, who understands what I have experienced like no one else. I am so thankful to know them. I wish our friendship continues to blossom. I am thankful for my friend Desu. They have been a source of comfort and safety during a difficult time. Despite their meek nature they are not completely put off by my vulgarity. I am thankful for my friend Amber, known as Boire. They are incredibly intelligent, having a true love for knowledge and understanding. Despite their incredible intelligence they are comfortable playing the fool. We have a long history, and I'm glad to know that it isn't over yet. I am grateful for my friend Taylor known as Folkmar. He is absent these days but without his server many of my connexions would have ceased long ago. There are others. If I give you my attention it is because I like you.

I must try. No one else will do it for me, and you are all so lacking in your imagination and your vision and your effort. I have to do this for me. I will be more. Every day I move so slowly, and it is such a long road ahead. Maybe I ought to embrace that.