After my last post, which was a kind of half-hearted attempt to write up one ending to Deus Ex as an enjoyable read, well, I meant to write up the other endings too. Well this didn't happen and it's been a little while now and don't get me wrong I'd like to do it, but writing these kinds of posts is just a lot easier. I worked Monday to Friday this week, 9 to 5. I really didn't want to be there. It's not a place you want to be in working Monday to Friday let's put it like that. Soon I'll be working less day shifts and more nights, and, I think that's alright. Get paid more too.

I recently came back to WAAO and I received some messages. I was made aware more than once that my blog is read - embarrassing! Whilst it is really very nice that people I know read this, well, hmm. It's embarrassing. I post things here for myself. I don't think that I'm close enough or that it's appropriate to directly share these things with who I know. Not that it's all super clandestine and all of that or that it's so dramatic. It's just a lot of whining and whinging, and I do take care to omit most of the more dirty details here. Anyhow, it was found out much, MUCH sooner than I expected that I had nuked my Discord. A lot of people get hung up on their account creation date, well, I can't really myself, my account was banned in 2019. But that's in the past. And so is my current account. But you know, it's kind of a liberating feeling. I still have contacts of people that I know only there. I can go back at any time. Fortunately everyone that I care about is stuck in the same old circle, so it wouldn't be hard to reach out. This may be a kind of problem for me, liking distance, or something like that. But I have been on my computer much, much less. In fact, really not at all.

This week I would come home, fix something up, eat, give everything a deep clean, and in-between all of that, lounge on my electrically reclining leather sofa and vape and play Fallout Shelter on my Steam Deck. Generally I think I'm doing quite well. Diet and habits are a lot better. Sleep is... still rough. But I think that will get better soon. I haven't used the recliner on my sofa in so long. I thought I had lost the power brick for it, but I didn't. It was bundled with my PS3 and other miscellaneous electronics I never use. Let me tell you something. It is luxury. Oh my god. I get sick of being at my computer desk. It tires me. And sitting on the sofa is, fine. Laying on it hurts my neck. But reclining? Fuuuck... putting your feet up, can't be beat. Oh! And I haven't had a proper bath in forever. Mh. Very nice.

There isn't really much to say. I still think about my ex a lot. The smallest things remind me of her. I suppose that's normal if you spent so much time with someone, made so many memories and jokes together, and you haven't found someone else to move on with. What is interesting is that... well. I came across something that she might have given me - I can't even remember, but, I recognised that it didn't immediately make me think of her. It was something that you use. Another example that I have of this from another ex of mine is my computer mouse. I've had this for years. And it never makes me think of her. It's just part of the setup that I use. I find that interesting. And, well, I think it's a nice gift. It was a thoughtful one. I complained about this shitty mouse I had and she got me this for my birthday, and I still use it.

I still get panic attacks, I think. Thanatophobia. I get a strange pulsing in my temple or any kind of sensation at all really and I immediately think: "Is this it?", or something to that effect. I think I'm really rather silly. I am still alive, and I am still functional, cogent. Merry lost half of his brain to surgery and he was alright. Last night I smoked half a joint, usually, this amount would not be very much for me, but oh it was. In a good way. I had a good time. But my worries about dying were louder. You may be aware I had two tabs of acid in July and suffered such a severe panic attack that I had a funny adventure to hospital over it. I'm yet to post that writeup because I don't like how this site is at the moment and I'm unwilling to spend the effort to change it as I see it as a much bigger project. I keep getting off of track. But yes I am really just thinking about it too much. And I need to relax. Which I am trying to do. I am in a much better state than where I was not long ago in many regards. My home feels like a home, and I'm employed. Things could be worse off.

I think what it is, is that my nervous system is just full of frayed, charged wires right now. Which is interesting to me, because I think... if you were to "scan" your body for your toe, you know where it is. You can move it. Feel it when it's hurt or sore. You have an awareness of it. You don't have an awareness for your nervous system. I might be crazy, but I think I have a sense for my nervous system, or something like that now. Not that I think I can do anything with it, but being more aware of it helps me calm down.

I've stopped smoking a pack a day. I'm now vaping... but after this next pod, well, I'll try and stop. I know I'll probably crave a cigarette, but I just need to ride that out. After a few weeks, I should be much better.

I installed Windows 11... I'm still writing this blogpost up on Linux, but I installed it for gaming. It's just better. Gaming on Linux is honestly great for the most part. But the Dead Space remake stutters for me, and some games just aren't cooperative. Also it's much easier for VR. But what I was really keen to play first, was the demo for the upcoming Hellraiser game. I first saw teasers for this on my Twitter. As my feed is one half fan art, and one half tasteful latex photos, I suspect the latter had a part in it coming to my attention. If you look at the account you'll see what I mean. So I played it. Was I blown away? No. Did I think it was incredible? I thought the attention to detail was amazing. The atmosphere was incredible. I had a lot of fun just looking around at things. The gameplay feels like a modern Resident Evil game but well with more combat. And how's the combat? It's not bad. The character is fun to move around, you have a dodge and a slide, oh and you can turn on a dime with a button press which is really funny. The game feels like it takes a lot of good inspiration from other good recent games, and is designed by people that play them. There's more shooting than I expected. I thought it was going to be a stealth horror game. I think it's going to be a lot more action packed, and I'm really okay with that. I don't do well with horror games, I get too immersed. So I'm looking forward to this, it will be the first game in a long time that I've bought on day one, or worse, pre-ordered.

That's all from me for now. If you're reading this, then God bless you. And if there is no god, then you have a good day anyway.

Always your friend,
- Riddler (T.S)