I DON'T WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK. I WANT TO STAY NEET FOREVER. NEVER WORK, ONLY LIVE.

MAMA

MAMA I WANT TO LIVE

Anyhow. More seriously. I need to get in motion. What have I been waiting for? No idea. Where do I need to move to? Towards my goals. It's frustrating. You can work. You can not work. Both can feel equally unsatisfying.

What does flourishing look like?

I 3D printed a Metal Gear REX model today. A little one. One that you have to assemble. It was a bit fidgety and frustrating to put together but still, you have to appreciate the effort that goes in to the design of these kind of 3D print-at-home kits. The idea, the test prints, getting it right. A couple extra details snapped off as I attached the legs. I need a pair of little pliers to remove the inserted material and then reprint those accessories. Then I need to glue it together (I got super glue on my fingers and boy howdy it was unpleasant. Suffice to say, my fingies took a little acetone soak after). As nice as it is that it's posable... it's not perfect. Then when I go back to work I can steal my coworker's can of primer. It being grey will be good enough I think.

There's something that I want to make for Chai, should I see them this winter. But I'll need to... make my own spring? God damn.

In fact there's a lot of things I'd like to make.

Like this website. It pulls at my attention. I think... when this module of my course is formally finished, I can think about spending more time with learning web development. Hopefully it'll come back to me pretty quickly if I use this site to test new features. If this site of mine was a fraction of what I want it to be, well, I can imagine what readers I have will be muting that tab or window.

Is there anything more interesting I have to say? Well yes, actually. Wait, no. I keep forgetting. I have fallen out of the habit of writing things down. Actually, let me check my phone. Hm. No. Erm. I'd like to be able to think about posting images I've drawn to this site-- ugh, that's talking about the site again.

Do these journals have any consistency at all? Does it even matter? It's like you don't know what to expect with this blog except that I'm probably going to be complaining about something. Did I complain about something in this post? Well about my job, yeah, but does that count? Maybe it's my tone of voice, or how I think I come across. Now that I think about it, what was her name? Hozari. I dread to think what I sound like in that twisted psyche of theirs.

Honestly I could speak my mind, speaking very little, for much longer. I haven't had much meaningful contact in a while. Well... honestly... today hasn't been so bad? I messaged a joke to Ash. I asked how Adam was doing. I went to work. My Nan called me and asked me when she was seeing me again. A coworker messaged me about video games. Huh. Wow. I'm so popular. This... this is enough right? Any more than this and... it'd be too much, right? Huh. I can't tell if I'm coping, or if I've stumbled on something that makes sense to me. What does my gut instinct say?

Gut: "Hey! At least this is better than those really detailed and drawn-out thoughts you have sometimes about worst case scenarios, in which you think about reacting in ways you would definitely wouldn't".

Me: "Oh yeah. Thanks gut. Sorry for eating so much shit today".

Gut: "Aw it's okay man. You'd *know* if I was upset. But HEY. You're on thin ice".

Me: "Yeah... I know. I hope that chocolate flavoured overnight oats mixture comes out better this time so we can actually eat it."

Gut: "wAAAAAAAAAAAA"

Alright. That's enough of that.

End of line.