Played some more TF2. I enjoy playing it, I think. I do get really frustrated though. Boy howdy can you get put on some awful teams. Being on offense and you have two engineers making sentries at spawn. For what purpose? Medics that don't heal you too also bother me. Now that I expect less and less, it bothers me less too. It's annoying in a... commentary kind of way. You can't help but notice it. Oh. Three AFK in spawn. Oh. Two engineers at spawn making sentries and there's no teleporter. Oh. We have a medic but I'm not really sure what they're up to. One thing I haven't quite let go of is score. I'll check it. It also scratches something in my brain when I compare the average score of both teams. When you've got 30 points and the person next to you has maybe 8 or 12, and underneath that it's 3 and 1. And then you look at the opposing team and it's 50, 48, 40, 37 etc. That's difficult. That said, I'll also admit that I don't check for this disparity when the game feels fair, or if we're winning. But it does suck. And it's a big problem with casual mode so I'm wondering more and more why I'm using that feature. I'm unsure if I mentioned it in yesterday's blogpost but every time I play a map, I remove it from the pool of maps I have selected. Badwater Basin, Barnblitz, Upward, Gorge, I could play those maps a lot - and I already have. And then you have some like... ehhh. Egypt? I don't really want to play on Egypt. I want to play some other maps. And it's working out. I'm seeing some other maps now and it's... interesting. At the least it's not playing Dustbowl again and again. I don't really mind Dustbowl per se, I mean to say, I like it... but there's so little you can do on that map. And lately, I've really been enjoying playing Scout, but playing Scout on Dustbowl? Woof. Hell.

Interesting to be blogging about Team Fortress 2 in 2026. Interesting to me. This is my guilty pleasure. I load it up, I play a game, I get frustrated, I quit, I do something else. There's so many other games I'd like to play too, but to indulge in playing anything else feels like a waste of time with whatever weird neurotic state I've got myself worked up in.

Soldier is my most played class. Why? Well. I will default to Soldier pretty easily. It's a community meme that there are more Soldier mains than anything else. Again, why? Rocket jumping is really fun. It's very versatile. And his damage output is so high and so consistent. "Aim at floor, achieve high score". It's true. That's all you have to do. So top fragging and bouncing off the walls is really fun but eventually you come to face the grim reality that he is kind of a noob class. I'm no expert at rocket jumping yet. I just enjoy doing it. Getting just a little bit better every time I play. But anyway, as some kind of penance, or not wanting the game to become too stale, I'm trying to play other classes more. Scout is fun. Demoman is fun but I'm not as good on Demoman as I am Soldier. Honestly I will look at what's already being played and I'll try and pick a class that isn't selected. My top three played are Soldier, Engineer, Demoman. I like Engineer a lot, they're fun. Sentries are fun. Teleporters though? Game-winning. And there is nothing more cozy to me in Team Fortress 2 than having all your buildings at level 3, having a competent team holding a choke point, or defending well, and using the banjo taunt or the rancho relaxo taunt and just watching everyone else play the game. Occasionally getting up to smack a wrench at your sentry.

Sometimes playing against a Soldier sucks. They're just too good in virtually every situation. And being stuffed in a corridor or a tight space with one is a death sentence. But this one guy. This one Soldier. Oh my God. Using the Black Box AND The Battalion's Backup? In 2026? How can you be THAT afraid to die? Oh, and they were camping a FULL health kit and spamming down a narrow corridor choke too. Jeez. Some stuff like that just sticks with me.

Distancing this post from TF2 but on a more positive note, I made a friend. They pocketed me and they were very, what's the word? I think they said "self-aware" or "self-conscious". I would dive in and die and they would apologise for not being able to heal me, or taking the blame for me dying. That made me choke up a lot. You know, squinting eyes, exhaling like "huu huu huu", and audibly saying "nooo...". We probably won't play again but they were very sweet.

I have been using Twitter. I should stop. How much I use Twitter is directly correlated to how much I smoke. Anyway. I will use the For You Page. It's for you dawg, it's lit! Well it is and it isn't. Sandwiched neatly between the content I actually want to see will be politics, upset over the gaming industry, vagueposts that have somehow garnered that many likes, botted tweets, and whatever else that usually incites some kind of slightly negative emotion. That kind of thing that grips you and gets you to tap it and read more. And to read the comments and see if your own opinions are validated.

It's addicting, I don't know why. But fundamentally, I don't like it. At the same time... it is so neatly interwoven with what I actually want to see, and it is not so far removed from my identity and who I am, that I find myself consuming this sort of thing. It's unhealthy and unproductive. But, the algorithm puts it there, so you consume. And it isn't until you actually think about it do you break free. After all you're ceding so much of your intelligence, critical thinking, active thinking... so much of it to scroll. So no wonder slop like that can easily hijack whatever part of your brain registers interest in things. It takes some mental effort at first to be able to group this kind of thing into a category you can more easily filter later on. You know, think like using the web without an ad blocker. Internet ads as we know or knew them, pop ups and the like, are very easy to scan over and ignore. I think it's easier because they have an obvious pattern, you will have zero interest in them, and you're expecting them.

Content, that you are consuming without much though, that's a bit different. You want to be entertained. When I would scroll videos years ago, I would honestly engage with anything put in front of my face for an upsetting amount of time. And I would waste a minute and wonder why the fuck I bothered watching that. I can almost understand why iPad children have short attention spans. I don't know. There was an expectation that there would be a pay off, that it was RELEVANT to what I like. But I digress. Whilst Twitter, I mean X, will bombard your feed with absolute dogshit, you are able to tell Twitter that you don't like those posts! It's a bit of a chore, but it doesn't take long. Tweet by tweet, or post by post. And it's gone. Say what the fuck you want about Twitter, but I don't see that shit work as well anywhere else! Then some time will pass. And the cycle will repeat itself. However, from now on I plan to be more vigilant about what I consume and interact with. More purposeful. More thoughtful.

It is upsetting that it seems that... nothing is really as it seems. There's always something more under the surface, no matter how small, vain, or petty. Or, how wide the scope of the conspiracy. This would not be such a bad thought if I was talking about "nuance" of which I am actually quite fond of. There is always something negative underneath. Not always. But in the things that crop up on any feed that is labelled "for you", that isn't really for you at all.

Years ago I thought that I would be able to "figure it all out". Maybe I would have if I really tried. But honestly, I don't think the answer is very interesting. Everything as I see it all comes down to money. Lack, or desire of.

I think this was a thoughtful and well-written blog post. Did you? Like and comment down below! Don't forget to subscribe! And buy me a life-sized Rarity plushie!

Thought about four different exes today I think that's a record. Fuck me.

Always your friend,
- Riddler (T.S)