I desire to connect but, why don't I? In fact, it's arguable that I have done more severing than connecting. Ah. Fear of abandonment? Something like that. But a bit more. Regardless of intent. It would all be very well if I was guaranteed genuine connexions until the end of my life. But say that, everyone I loved perished suddenly before the end? That would be a very dark time. And there would be no worth in trying to connect with others at that stage of life, so close to the end. It always feels like it's the end. I need to change that attitude. What I really mean to drive at, is that awful word I find myself using lately: "temporary". It's a terrible thing to see things fizzle and fade out, when you still want more. When it isn't a mutual growing apart. I don't do that. I simply don't keep the company of people I don't want to be around. It's fast, and it's abrupt, and it's obvious. But it isn't what I have done this time. That is harder to explain, and not something I completely understand myself.

Something I've noticed recently is that the people that I talk to, that I am not particularly close to, well, how do I say it? It's as if only three quarters of what I say gets through. Is this a failing on my part, or on theirs? I think both. I think that, generally, people are difficult to talk to, and I think that even if I had the talent for it, I would get bored of that. But, that's how it is. I don't know anyone that I would like to talk to.

Regardless, you must love everyone, and not look down on them. No. Maybe instead, look around them. Look them up and down even, or simply don't look at all.

You know, I hadn't realised just how old Urban Dictionary is. And oddly, I haven't found myself needing to use it since... I can't remember when. But if you go on there, you'll see that a lot of the definitions are dated back as much as 26 or so years. To save you a search, it was founded in 1999.

I saw someone wearing an INFO WARS shirt today. That was something.

Yesterday, I saw my grandparents. My Granddad is in crutches. Gout again. He's doing much better now, and was able to drive me home. He cooked me a large meal. It was good I didn't eat much that day. I had long and skinny sausages, pork strips - both done in the air fryer that I bought him for Christmas. He also deep fried his potato fritters. You've not had my Granddad's potato fritters. You should. Some day I'll post the recipe. There isn't a place in the world that cooks potato fritters and fried chicken like my Granddad.

I brought my Nan flowers and a Halloween themed gonk, and she gave me a Battenberg cake (which she knows I am all too fond of), some M&S brand chocolates (essentially large Maltesers), some towels, a fabric cooler bag, as well as something she bought from an antique's market: an ice cube bucket. It's wrapped in (faux) leather, is adorned with riding spurs and tassels on the side, and a horseshoe crossed with a riding crop on the front, and the lid is topped with a silver (coloured) horse's head. It's quite nice. It's... very strong in its theme.

She also gave me my birthday presents to put away. My birthday is over three months away.

She cut my hair. My face is softer than I realised. We talked. Uncle Brian is unwell, and so him and Auntie Janet was unable to go on their trip to Italy. Auntie Janet likely has OCD. We attempted some crossword puzzles together. We spoke about movies to watch around Halloween, as I mentioned this short list I had prepared of must-see horror films that I've never seen. Granddad suggested "The Blob" from the 80s, as we were on the topic of old horror movies that were remakes. According to him, The Thing by John Carpenter was a remake or a reimagining of an awful 50s movie. My Nan has never seen The Thing despite liking Kurt Russel. My Nan suggested "The Birds" as she looked up "best horror movies" and disagreed that "Psycho" was top of the list. We talked about TVs, and to my surprise they've still kept their old curved flatscreen. Without any kind of prompting, they offered it to me for £100, which considering its original cost of £1300 or so, it's more than a bargain. This will do much better than a TV bought from the British Heart Foundation charity shop to keep on my balcony, though I am tempted to go ahead with that plan regardless. But, it'll be nice to have a big TV. I have tried to be ambivalent towards having a TV, but I would like one. It will be nice to play Bloodborne on it. The first and last time I played Bloodborne was on a tiny, little TV at my grandparents years ago. In a way I find this nice.

I'm incredibly grateful for my grandparents. I have taken them for granted, like I have living. But without them, I would have nothing. I wish I could do more for them.

Always your friend,
- Riddler (T.S)